

         英汉词汇手册

           4611条



abandon
abandon　［əˈbændən］
vt. 抛弃；放弃〈同 desert〉
例 The baby was abandoned by his teenage mother. 那个婴儿被他的未婚妈妈遗弃了。
n. 放纵〈同 unrestraint〉
例 The guests at the party danced with abandon. 聚会上的客人们尽情地跳舞。
联 abandonment n. 抛弃；放弃

abate
abate［ə'beɪt］
v. ① 减轻，降低 ② 缓和
解　① to reduce in amount, degree, or intensity; lessen ② to fall off in degree or intensity; subside
例　When the rain abated, we went outside again. 雨变小了之后，我们又出去了。
构　a (=to) + bat (=to beat) + e

abbreviate
abbreviate［ə'bri:vɪeɪt］
vt. ①缩短〈同　shorten, abridge〉
例　The President was asked to abbreviate his speech since the students crammed in the room without air-conditioning were running out of patience. 校长被要求缩短演讲时间，因为在没有空调的房间里，挤在一起的学生们正在失去耐心。
例　“Mister”is usually abbreviated as“Mr.”. Mister通常被缩写成Mr.。

abbreviate
abbreviate［ə'bri:vɪeɪt］
v. 缩写，缩短
解　to reduce in scope while retaining essential elements
例　John Paul abbreviated his name to J.P. 约翰·保罗把他的名字缩写成J.P.。
同　abbreviation n. 缩短，删节；缩写词，略语
构　ab <zad (=to) + brevi (=brief, short) + ate

abide
abide［ə'baɪd］
例　Players have to abide by the referee's decision. 参赛者必须遵守裁判的判定。
vt. 忍受〈同 endure, put up with〉
例　Many people can't abide the smell of cheap cigars. 许多人没法忍受廉价雪茄的气味。

abjure
abjure［æb'ʤʊə(r)］
v. 发誓放弃，誓绝
解　to renounce upon oath
例　Most aliens must abjure foreign citizenship before becoming an American citizen. 在成为美国公民之前，大多数外国人必须承诺放弃原来的公民身份。
构　ab (=away) + jur (=to swear) + e

ablaze
ablaze［ə'bleɪz］
adj. 着火的，燃烧的；闪耀的〈同　burning; bright〉
例　After the firewood was ablaze, he felt warm. 柴火点着之后，他才感到暖和。

abnormal
abnormal［æb'nɔ:məl］
adj. 反常的，异常的；变态的〈同 anomalous, unnatural〉
例　The warm December weather in Beijing is abnormal. 在北京，12月份还这么暖和是不正常的。

abnormal
abnormal［æb'nɔ:məl］
adj. 不正常的，变态的
解　deviating from the normal or average
例　The Elephant Man is a movie about a man who had an abnormal face. 《象人》是一部关于一个面部畸形的男人的电影。
构　ab (=from) + norm (=rule) + al

abolish
abolish［ə'bɒlɪʃ］
vt. 废除，取消〈同 eliminate〉
例　Slavery was abolished in the United States after the Civil War. 美国在南北战争以后废除了奴隶制。

abort
abort［ə'bɔ:t］
n.中止计划（或任务）〈同　failure, stop〉
例　The minister ordered a general abort in stamp production when he learned there was a mistake on the newly issued stamp. 在得知新发行的邮票上有错误后，部长命令全面中止邮票的生产。

abrasion
abrasion［ə'breɪʒən］
n.磨（擦）破；表面磨损〈同　scratch; friction〉
例　She fell and suffered an abrasion on her left hand. 她摔倒了，擦伤了左手。

abridge
abridge［ə'brɪʤ］
v. ① 删节 ② 缩短
解　① to reduce the length of (a written text); to condense ② to cut short; to curtail
例　Since the book was very long and detailed, he abridged it to make a new version. 由于这本书内容冗长、细节繁琐，他将其加以删减，形成了一个新的版本。
近　ridge n. 脊 （如屋脊、山脊等）；隆起物；bridge n. 桥；drawbridge n. 吊桥；badge n. 徽章；badger v. 不断纠缠，一再要求
构　a (=to) + bridg < brevi (=to shorten) + e

abroad
abroad　［əˈbrɔːd］
adv./adj. 在国外（的），海外（的）〈同 overseas〉
例 More people are going abroad for vacations. 越来越多的人去国外度假。

abrupt
abrupt［ə'brʌpt］
adj. ① 突然的，意外的〈同 sudden〉
例　There is a road with many abrupt turns. 那儿有一条路有很多急转弯。
例　Abrupt responses often cause hurt feelings. 无礼的回答通常会伤害别人的感情。

absenteeism
absenteeism［ˌæbsən'ti:ɪzm］
n. 旷课；旷工〈同　absence〉
例　The rate of absenteeism at this school is so high that punishments were introduced for nonattendance. 这所学校的缺勤率太高了，因此学校针对缺勤者采取了惩罚措施。

absolute
absolute［'æbsəlu:t］
adj. ①完全的〈同　total, complete〉
例　After he quit his old job a feeling of absolute freedom befell him. 辞去之前的工作之后，他有一种完全自由的感觉。
例　The captain of a ship has the absolute right to jettison cargo when necessary. 船长有绝对的权力在必要时抛弃货物。

absorb
absorb　［əbˈzɔːb］
vt. 吸收（液体、知识等）〈同 take in〉
例 Almost all living things absorb oxygen. 几乎一切有生命的东西都吸收氧气。
记 ab（离去）+sorb（吸吮）→吸收掉→吸收（液体、知识等）
联 absorption n. 吸收；absorbed adj. 全神贯注的，一心一意的；absorbent adj. 能吸收的 n. 吸收剂

abstract
abstract　［ˈæbstrækt］
vt. 摘要，提炼〈同 summarize〉
例 I abstracted the main idea of his science report. 我概括出了他的科学报告的主要观点。
n. 摘要〈同 summary〉
例 The abstract of the conference last week was distributed before the meeting to all the members. 上周会议的摘要已于开会之前分发给所有成员。
adj. 抽象的〈同 theoretical〉
例 His abstract ideas were not easily understood by many people. 许多人很难理解他抽象的想法。
联 abstraction n. 抽象概念

absurd
absurd［əb'zɜ:d］
adj. 荒谬的，可笑的〈同 foolish, ridiculous〉
例　It is absurd to wear a coat at the swimming pool. 在游泳池边穿着外套很可笑。

abundant
abundant　［əˈbʌndənt］
adj. 丰富的，充裕的；大量的〈同 plentiful〉
例 In recent years, an abundant number of complaints have disturbed the telephone company. 最近几年，大量的投诉让电话公司不堪其扰。
记 ab+und（波浪）+ant→像波浪一样起伏→丰富的；大量的
联 abundance n. 丰富，充裕；abound vi. 丰富；盛产

abuse
abuse　［əˈbjuːs］
n.（权力等的） 滥用；（物品的） 不精心使用；虐待（人）〈同 misuse〉
例 An abuse of authority by the manager led to disagreement among the members. 管理者滥用职权造成了成员之间的分歧。
记 ab（偏离）+use（使用）→偏离正常使用→滥用
联 abusive adj. 滥用的；谩骂的

abut
abut［ə'bʌt］
v. 邻接，毗邻〈同　be next to, border on〉
例　The library abuts the old museum. 图书馆毗邻老博物馆。

academic
academic　［ˌækəˈdemɪk］
adj. 学术的；学院的；理论的〈同 collegiate, scholastic〉
例 Like other academic disciplines, sociology has several major subdisciplines. 与其他学科一样，社会学有几个主要分支。
联 academician n. 学会会员；院士；学者；academy n.（高等） 专科院校；研究院；学院

accede
accede［æk'si:d］
v. 应允，同意
解　agree or express agreement
例　If I accede to his demand for blackmail, I am afraid that I will be the victim of future demands. 如果我同意了他的勒索要求，我恐怕以后会遭到更多的勒索。
构　ac (=to) + ced (=to go) + e

accelerate
accelerate　［əkˈseləreɪt］
v. 加快，加速〈同 speed up〉
例 The car accelerated as it went past me. 那辆车在经过我时加速了。
记 ac（表加强） +celer（速度） +ate（动词后缀）→加快，加速
联 acceleration n. 加速度

accent
accent［'æksənt］
n. ① 口音
例　My father was born in Germany and still speaks English with a German accent. 我的父亲出生在德国，他在说英语的时候仍带着德国口音。
例　In the word“wonderful”, the accent is on the first syllable. 单词wonderful的重音在第一个音节上。

access
access　［ˈækses］
n. ① 接触；接近（的机会）〈同 approach〉
例 Students must have access to a good teacher. 学生必须有个好老师。
例 The only access to this building is through those pipes. 进入这栋建筑的唯一通道是那些管道。
记 ac+cess（走）→走过去→通道
联 accessible adj. 可接近的，可接触的；可得到的；accessibility n. 易接近；可到达

accessible
accessible［ək'sesəbəl］
adj. ① 可接近的，易达到的 ② 可理解的
解　① capable of being reached or obtained ② capable of being read with comprehension
例　The professor was accessible for questions and discussions during his office hours. 在教授办公期间，可以向其提问或与其讨论问题。
构　ac (=to) + cess (=to go) + ible

accessory
accessory［ək'sesəri］
n. 附件，零件〈同 accompaniment〉
例　Her new car has many accessories, including air conditioning. 她的新车有许多配套设施，包括空调。

accessory
accessory［æk'sesəri］
adj. 附属的，次要的 n. 附件；附属
解　adj. relating to something that is added but is not essential n. a subordinate or supplementary item; an adjunct
例　The woman loved to go shopping for wardrobe accessories, like shoes, purses and belts. 这位女士喜欢购买服饰搭配品，比如鞋子、手提包和腰带。

accidental
accidental［ˌæksɪ'dentəl］
adj. 意外的，偶然的〈同　unexpected, unforeseen〉
例　The accidental encounter with an old friend, whom he hadn't seen for two years, made him very excited. 偶然遇到一位两年未见的老朋友，这让他非常兴奋。

acclaim
acclaim［ə'kleɪm］
n. 赞誉，赞许〈同　recognition, praise〉
例　The best-selling author's new book was greeted with great acclaim. 那位畅销书作家的新书受到了广泛称赞。
vt. 喝彩，欢呼；称赞〈同　hail; praise〉
例　Spectators acclaimed the winner of the competition. 观众们为比赛获胜者欢呼。

acclaim
acclaim［ə'kleɪm］
v. 称赞；欢呼
解　to praise vociferously; to clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval
例　The mayor acclaimed the firefighters as the city's heroes for their bravery. 消防员们勇敢无畏，市长赞扬他们是这座城市的英雄。
近　acclimate v. 使适应
构　ac (=to) + claim (=to cry out)

accommodate
accommodate［ə'kɒmədeɪt］
vt. ① 容纳，为…提供空间；供应（膳宿）〈同 contain, supply〉
例　That hotel can accommodate up to one hundred guests. 那家旅馆总共可以容纳100个客人。
例　I will accommodate my scheme to yours. 我会调整我的计划以适应你的计划。

accommodation
accommodation　［əˌkɒməˈdeɪʃən］
n. 住处，膳宿〈同 lodging〉
例 I am searching for temporary accommodation in this new city. 我正在这座新城市里寻找临时住所。

accompany
accompany　［əˈkʌmpəni］
vt. 陪伴，陪同；伴奏〈同 be associated with〉
例 She was accompanied by her son. 她有自己的儿子陪着。
联 accompanying adj. 陪伴的，附随的；accompaniment n. 伴奏；伴随物

accomplish
accomplish　［əˈkʌmplɪʃ］
vt. 完成，达到，实现〈同 finish, achieve〉
例 To accomplish your plans to study abroad in England, you must first take the IELTS exam. 要实现去英国出国留学的计划，你首先必须参加雅思考试。
联 accomplished adj. 精通的，熟练的；accomplishment n. 成就

accord
accord　［əˈkɔːd］
n. 同意〈同 agreement〉
例 She was in complete accord with the verdict. 她完全服从判决。

according
according　［əˈkɔːdɪŋ］
adv. 依照（to）〈同 as stated by〉
例 She gets paid according to the number of hours she works. 她按工作的小时获得报酬。

account
account　［əˈkaʊnt］
n. ① 说明，解释〈同 description〉
例 She wrote an account of all her travels in Europe in her diary. 她在日记中记述了自己在欧洲旅行的所有见闻。
例 The new law requires a personal ID to open any accounts at a bank. 新法律要求在银行开立账户时必须出具个人身份证明。
v. 解释（for）〈同 explain〉
例 He accounted for the missing items as lost. 他解释称那些不见的物品丢失了。
联 accounting n. 会计学；记账；accountant n. 会计；会计师

accredit
accredit［ə'kredɪt］
vt. 授权〈同　authorize, commission〉
例　Diplomatic negotiations generally take place in embassies where ambassadors are accredited. 外交谈判通常在其大使被授权的大使馆进行。

accrete
accrete［æ'kri:t］
v. 自然增加（因不停地生长而增大）
解　to make larger or greater, as by increased growth
例　Over time the trees' roots accreted into one. 随着时间流逝，这些树的根长到了一起。
同　accretion n. 自然的增加；增加物
构　ac (=to) + cre (=to grow) + te

accumulate
accumulate　［əˈkjuːmjʊleɪt］
vi. 堆积，积聚；积累〈同 pile up; collect〉
例 Dust and dirt soon accumulate if a library is not cleaned daily. 如果不天天打扫图书馆，灰尘很快就会越积越多。
记 ac（一再）+cumul（堆积） +ate→一再堆积→积累
联 accumulative adj. 积聚的，累积的；accumulation n. 积聚

accuse
accuse　［əˈkjuːz］
v. 指责，归咎〈同 blame〉
例 Janet's boyfriend accused her of lying. 珍妮特的男朋友指责她撒谎。
联 accusation n. 谴责；控告

accustomed
accustomed　［əˈkʌstəmd］
adj. 习惯了的（to）
例 It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the fast food in America, but now I can't live without it！我花了很长时间才习惯了美国的快餐，可现在如果没有快餐，我都活不下去了！

acerbic
acerbic［ə'sɜ:bɪk］
adj. ① 酸的 ② 尖刻的
解　① sour or bitter in taste ② harsh or corrosive in tone
例　You should not eat the fruit if it is not ripe, since it will probably taste acerbic. 你应该等水果熟了再吃，不然可能会很酸。

achieve
achieve　［əˈtʃiːv］
vt. 完成，实现 vi. 如愿以偿〈同 win, accomplish〉
例 Kermit achieved his dream of marrying Miss Piggy. 克米特终于实现了娶佩姬小姐为妻的梦想。
联 achievement n. 成就，功绩

acid
acid［'æsɪd］
adj. ① 酸的 ② 尖刻的
解　① sharp or biting to the taste; sour ② sharp in manner or temper
例　Lemons are an acid fruit. 柠檬是一种酸味水果。

acknowledge
acknowledge　［əkˈnɒlɪʤ］
vt. 承认〈同 admit〉
例 The experts reluctantly acknowledged that their estimate of food costs was not accurate. 专家们不情愿地承认，他们对食品成本的估算并不准确。
联 acknowledgement n. 承认；确认；acknowledged adj. 公认的

acquaintance
acquaintance　［əˈkweɪntəns］
n. 熟人
例 We are acquaintances and talk frequently. 我们是熟人，经常在一起聊天。
记 ac（表强调） +quaint（知道） +ance（名词后缀）→熟人知道彼此的事情→熟人
联 acquaint vt. 使熟知；了解；（be) acquainted with 熟悉

acquiesce
acquiesce［ˌækwɪ'es］
v. 勉强同意，默许
解　to give consent silently
例　The bank manager acquiesced to the robbers so that no one would get hurt. 银行经理答应了抢劫者的要求，这样其他人就不会受到伤害。
同　acquiescence n. 默许
构　ac (=to) + quie (=to be quiet) + sce

acquire
acquire［ə'kwaɪə(r)］
v. 获得，得到
解　to come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
例　The tycoon acquired valuable assets from his many takeovers. 这个企业巨头从他的多项收购中获得了有价值的资产。

acquired
acquired［ə'kwaɪəd］
adj. 后天习得的
解　gotten through environmental forces
例　After studying for his Ph.D degree, he returned to his country to apply his newly- acquired skills to his profession. 取得博士学位后，他回到自己的祖国，把新掌握的技术应用到了自己的专业领域里。

acquisition
acquisition　［ˌækwɪˈzɪʃən］
n. 得到，获得〈同 acquirement〉
例 The stockbroker made an acquisition of the future price of the stock based on its historical growth patterns. 股票经纪人根据股票的历史增长趋势，获得股票的未来价格。
记 ac+qusit（得到）+ion→得到，获得
联 acquire vt. 获得；学到

acquisition
acquisition［ˌækwɪ'zɪʃən］
n. 获得；获得物
解　the act of acquiring; anything gained or acquired
例　The company's many acquisitions practically gave it a monopoly in the market. 这家公司收购了许多公司之后，几乎可以垄断市场。

acquisitiveness
acquisitiveness［ə'kwɪzɪtɪvnəs］
n. 贪得无厌
解　strong desire to acquire and possess
例　The money-hungry businesswoman has always had a sense of acquisitiveness ever since she was a young girl. 当她还是个年轻的女孩的时候，这个视钱如命的女商人就有了一种获取利润的意识。
构　ac (=to) + quis (=to seek) + itive + ness

acrid
acrid［'ækrɪd］
adj. ① （气味等）刺激的，辛辣的 ② 刻薄的
解　① strong and sharp ② harsh or corrosive in tone
例　Acrid coal smoke made my eyes water. 刺鼻的煤烟把我的眼睛熏得流泪。
同　acridity n. （气味等）辛辣，刺激

acrimonious
acrimonious［ˌækrɪ'məʊnjəs］
adj. 言词或语调等刻薄的，激烈的
解　bitter and caustic in temper, manner, or speech
例　An acrimonious dispute broke out between the drivers who had the accident. 一场激烈的冲突在发生事故的司机之间爆发了。
同　acrimony n. 尖刻，刻薄
近　parsimonious adj. 太节省的，小气的

acronym
acronym［'ækrənɪm］
n. 用大写字母表示的缩写词〈同　abbreviation〉
例　AIDS is an acronym for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome. AIDS是“获得性免疫缺陷综合征”的缩写。

action
action［'ækʃən］
n. 行为，行动
解　the state or process of acting or doing; a deed
例　The judge told her she had to be responsible for her actions. 法官告诉她要为自己的行为负责。

activate
activate［'æktɪveɪt］
vt. 刺激，使活动〈同 mobilize〉
例　The hungry and tired child was activated when he saw the bread. 这个又饿又累的孩子一看见面包马上变得精神起来。

activate
activate［'æktɪveɪt］
vt. 刺激，激发，使活动
解　to set in motion; to make active or more active
例　The driving instructor taught her to put the key into the ignition to activate the car. 驾驶教练教她把钥匙插入点火装置来启动车辆。

active
active［'æktɪv］
adj. ① 积极的，活跃的 ② 活性的
解　① working hard or with energy; busy and energetic; lively ② working
例　The professor was very active in his lectures, throwing his hands in the air and jumping up and down. 教授在讲课过程中很活跃，挥舞双手，跳上跳下。
同　activity n. 活动；活跃，活力

actual
actual［'æktʃʊəl］
adj. 实际的，现行的〈同　real, true〉
例　Our actual expenses for food and clothes last year were much lower than we thought. 去年，我们在吃穿上的实际开支远远低于预期。
例　Realizing that she was addicted to cigarettes, Janet decided to quit. 珍妮特意识到自己吸烟上瘾了，因此决定戒烟。
例　The drug addict was required to get medical help. 那个瘾君子被要求接受药物治疗。

acumen
acumen［ə'kjʊ:mən］
n. 精明，敏锐，明智
解　shrewdness shown by keen insight
例　Sherlock Holmes' acumen helped him solve hundreds of mysteries. 夏洛克·福尔摩斯的聪明帮助他破解了数百个谜案。

acute
acute［ə'kju:t］
adj. ① 灵敏的，敏锐的〈同 keen〉
例　Acute hearing helps most animals sense the approach of thunderstorms long before people do. 大多数动物都有着灵敏的听觉，它们比人类感知雷雨到来的时间要早很多。
例　With the acceleration of industrial growth came acute urban crowding and accompanying social stress. 随着工业化的加速发展，城市里出现了严重拥挤和随之而来的社会压力。

acute
acute［ə'kjʊ:t］
adj. ① 灵敏的，敏锐的 ② （病）急性的，剧烈的
解　① quick in perceiving and responding to impressions; keen ② afflicted by a disease exhibiting a rapid onset followed by a short, severe course
例　Dogs have an acute sense of smell. 狗有着敏锐的嗅觉。
同　acuity n. 敏锐，灵敏

adapt
adapt　［əˈdæpt］
v.（使）适应，调整；改编〈同 adjust; modify〉
例 After moving to Harbin, Janet adapted to the cold weather. 珍妮特在搬到哈尔滨之后，适应了寒冷的天气。
记 ad（去） +apt（适合）→（使）适应，调整
联 adaptable adj. 能适应的，适应性强的；adaptation n. 改编，改写；适应环境；adaptive adj. 适合的；适应的

addition
addition［ə'dɪʃən］
n. 增加；加法
解　the act of adding one thing to another
例　The addition of new factories around the community would hinder the local air quality. 在社区周围建造新的工厂会影响当地的空气质量。

additional
additional［ə'dɪʃənəl］
adj. 附加的
解　added; extra; more
例　The teacher realized the test was too long and gave the students an additional ten minutes to finish it. 老师意识到测试内容太多，给了学生额外10分钟来完成。

additive
additive［'ædətɪv］
n. 添加剂〈同　addition, supplement〉
例　The scientists had to use certain additives to make the drug more powerful. 为了增强药物的药效，科学家们不得不使用特定的添加剂。

additive
additive［'ædɪtɪv］
n. 添加剂，添加物
解　something added to enhance food or gasoline or paint or medicine
例　The food from fast food restaurants has a lot of chemical additives, such as preservatives. 快餐店的食物有很多化学添加剂，比如防腐剂。
近　

adept
adept［ə'dept］
adj. 熟练的，擅长的〈同　competent, skilled〉
例　Mr. Bao is known to be an adept writer. 鲍先生是一位出色的作家。

adequate
adequate　［ˈædɪkwət］
adj. 足够的，充足的〈同 sufficient〉
例 I bought four bottles of water for our camping trip and I hope it is adequate. 我为露营买了四瓶水，希望这些已经足够了。
联 inadequate adj. 不充分的；不适当的

adequate
adequate［'ædɪkwɪt］
adj. 适当的，足够的
解　enough to meet a purpose
例　The student's work was not outstanding, but it was adequate for a passing grade. 这名学生的成绩不算优秀，但是足以及格。
同　adequacy n. 足够；inadequacy n. 不充分
构　ad (=to) + equ (=equal) + ate

adhere
adhere［əd'hɪə(r)］
vi. ① 黏附，粘牢〈同 stick〉
例　Mud adheres to your shoes. 你的鞋粘上泥了。
例　In China, many people adhere to Confucius' teaching. 在中国，有很多人遵循孔子的教育理念。

adjacent
adjacent［ə'ʤeɪsənt］
adj. 毗连的，邻近的〈同 neighboring〉
例　The house adjacent to ours has been sold, so we have a new neighbor. 我们隔壁的房子已经卖出去了，于是我们有了新的邻居。

adjudicate
adjudicate［əˌʤu:dɪ'keɪt］
v. 判决，宣判，裁定
解　to hear and settle (a case) by judicial procedure; to study and settle (a dispute or controversy)
例　The claims of the surviving victims of the crash will be adjudicated by an international commission. 坠机幸存者的索赔要求将由国际委员会裁决。
同　adjudicator n. 裁决者
构　ad (=to) + judic (=to judge) + ate

adjunct
adjunct［'æʤʌŋkt］
n. 附件，附属〈同　addition, accessory〉
例　I hoped that I would find the computer course a useful adjunct to my other studies. 我希望计算机课对我学习其他课程有辅助作用。

adjust
adjust［ə'ʤʌst］
vt. 调整；使适应〈同 regulate, adapt〉
例　It took Janet more than half a year to adjust to the new business after she changed her job. 珍妮特跳槽以后，花了多半年的时间来适应这份新工作。

administer
administer［əd'mɪnɪstə(r)］
vt. 管理〈同 govern〉
例　The British administered Hong Kong until 1997. 英国对香港的管辖持续到1997年。

administration
administration　［ədˌmɪnɪˈstreɪʃən］
n. ① 管理，经营〈同 supervision〉
例 Headmasters are more involved in administration than in actual teaching. 校长大部分的工作是行政管理，而不是实际教学。
例 The school administration met to decide on a new school policy. 学校管理委员会召开会议，来确定学校的一项新政策。
联 administrative adj. 管理的；行政的；administrator n. 管理者；行政官；administer v. 管理；执行

adobe
adobe［ə'dəʊbi; ə'dəʊb］
n. 泥砖，土坯〈同　clay, brick〉
例　Adobe is a type of brick made of clay baked in the sun. 泥砖是一种用黏土制成的、在太阳下烤晒而成形的砖。

adolescent
adolescent［ˌædə'lesənt］
adj. 青春期的；成长中的
例　In his adolescent years, the successful businessman claimed, he had undergone many hardships. 这位成功的商人说，他在青少年时期受过很多的磨难。

adopt
adopt　［əˈdɒpt］
vt. ① 采用，采纳〈同 accept〉
例 The company adopted new policies regarding maternity leave. 公司采取了新的产假政策。
例 The Browns adopted the baby when she was just three months old. 布朗家在这个婴儿三个月大时就收养了她。
联 adoption n. 采用；收养

adorn
adorn［ə'dɔ:n］
vt. 装饰〈同　decorate, embellish〉
例　She adorned her hair with flowers. 她把花戴在头发上当装饰。

advent
advent［'ædvent］
n.（尤指不寻常的人或事的）出现，到来〈同 coming into being〉
例　The advent of e-mail changed communication. 电子邮件的出现改变了通信方式。

adverse
adverse［æd'vɜ:s］
adj. 负面的，不利的；相反的〈同 unfavorable, opposite〉
例　The adverse effects from most of the medication were minimal. 大多数药物的副作用很小。
例　The International Fund for Animal Welfare was a strong advocate of the campaign to save dolphins from death. 国际爱护动物基金会是拯救海豚运动的坚决拥护者。
例　Some people advocated limiting the number of cars on the main road. 有些人倡议限制主路上的汽车数量。

advisable
advisable［əd'vaɪzəbəl］
adj. 适当的；明智的；可取的〈同　suitable; sensible〉
例　It is not advisable for you to go to school while you are still sick. 你还在生病，不应该去学校。

aerate
aerate［'eəreɪt］
v. 充气，让空气进入
解　to fill with a gas
例　Soda water is water that has been aerated with carbon dioxide. 苏打水是压入二氧化碳的水溶液。

aesthete
aesthete［'i:sθi:t; 'esθi:t］
n. 审美家
解　one who professes great sensitivity to the beauty of art and nature
例　The aesthete collected over one hundred pieces of artwork from around the world. 这位审美家从世界各地收集了100多件艺术品。
同　aesthetics n. 美学

aesthetic
aesthetic［i:s'θetɪk］
adj. 美学的，审美的〈同 artistic〉
例　The new building has little aesthetic value, but can accommodate a lot of people. 这座新楼没有多少美学价值，不过可以容纳很多人。

affected
affected［ə'fektɪd］
adj. 做作的，不自然的；假装的
解　speaking or behaving in an artificial way to make an impression; pretended
例　His affected mannerisms irritated many of us who had known him before his promotion. 我们中的很多人在他升职之前就已认识他；他升职后的矫揉造作惹恼了大家。
同　affectation n. 做作，装模作样；虚假

affection
affection　［əˈfekʃən］
n. 友爱；挚爱；情爱〈同 fondness〉
例 Janet felt great affection for her parents only. 珍妮特只跟她的父母有很深的感情。
联 affective adj. 感情的；表达感情的；affectionate adj. 亲爱的，挚爱的

affection
affection［ə'fekʃən］
n. 亲情；爱，爱情；钦慕之情
解　friendly feeling; tenderness; love
例　The secret lovers could not openly express their affection in public. 这对秘密恋人无法在公开场合表达爱意。

affectionate
affectionate［ə'fekʃənɪt］
adj. 充满深情的，挚爱的
解　having or displaying warmth or affection; loving
例　The dog was very active and affectionate at the sight of its owner. 看见主人后，这只狗变得非常活跃，开始讨主人欢心。

affidavit
affidavit［ˌæfɪ'deɪvɪt］
n. 书面证词，宣誓书
解　statement written down and sworn to be true
例　An affidavit is usually made before a judge or notary public. 签署宣誓书时通常需一名法官或者公证人在场。

affiliate
affiliate［ə'fɪlɪeɪt］
vt. 使隶属；接纳…为成员〈同 associate, incorporate〉
例　The hospital is affiliated with a local university. 这家医院是当地一所大学的附属医院。

affinity
affinity［ə'fɪnəti］
n. ①紧密关系〈同　connection, relationship〉
例　She felt an affinity with all who suffered; their pains were her pains. 她能与所有遭受痛苦的人产生情感共鸣；他们的痛苦就是她的痛苦。
例　Many girls have a strong affinity for chocolate candy. 许多女孩特别喜欢巧克力糖。

affinity
affinity［ə'fɪnəti］
n. 亲密关系；吸引力
解　a natural attraction or feeling of kinship
例　She had a strong affinity for chocolate when she was depressed and she could not resist eating it. 当她情绪低落时，巧克力对她来说有一种强烈的吸引力，她忍不住要去吃。
构　af (=to, near) + fin (=end) + ity

affirm
affirm［ə'fɜ:m］
vt. ① 断言；坚称〈同 assert〉
例　She affirmed before the policeman that he was the one who stole her purse. 她在警察面前坚称他就是偷她钱包的那个人。
例　The post office affirmed that the letter was delivered. 邮局证实信已寄出。

afflict
afflict［ə'flɪkt］
vt. 折磨；使苦恼〈同 plague〉
例　The villagers in several mountainous areas are afflicted by poverty in the nation. 在这个国家，一些山区的村民深受穷困之苦。

affluent
affluent［'æflʊənt］
adj. 富裕的，丰富的
解　rich; having an abundant supply of money or possessions of value
例　Mr. Wilson must be very wealthy because his address is in the most affluent neighborhood in the city. 威尔逊先生一定很富有，因为他的住址位于这个城市的富人区。
同　affluence n. 富裕，富足

afford
afford　［əˈfɔːd］
vt. ① 付得起；冒险做〈同 pay; risk〉
例 I was going to buy a diamond necklace as a birthday gift for Sally but couldn't afford it so I bought her an artificial one. 我本来想买一条钻石项链，作为送给萨莉的生日礼物，但我买不起，所以我给她买了一条假的。
例 Her seat afforded her a beautiful view of the stage. 她的座位让她可以清楚地看到整个舞台。
联 affordable adj. 负担得起的

affront
affront［ə'frʌnt］
v. 侮辱，冒犯
解　to insult someone openly and on purpose
例　The boy affronted his sister by calling her a pig. 男孩侮辱他妹妹，说她是头猪。
构　af (=to) + front (=forehead, face)

agenda
agenda［ə'ʤendə］
n. 日程，议程〈同 schedule〉
例　My agenda is quite full for the whole week, so I can't make an appointment with you. 这个星期我的日程已经排得很满了，所以我没有时间跟你会面了。

agent
agent　［ˈeɪʤənt］
n. 代理（商）
例 David worked as a travel agent. 大卫曾经是一名旅行社代理人。
联 agency n. 代理处；中介

aggrandize
aggrandize［ə'ɡrændaɪz］
v. ① 增大，扩大（权势、地位、财富）② 赞美
解　① to make someone or a nation greater in power, wealth, rank, etc. ② to praise
例　Professor Osborne told the student that her question aggrandized the scope of today's class topic and he would explain the answer to her after class. 奥斯本教授告诉这名学生，她的问题超过了今天课堂主题的范围，他会在课后为她解答。
构　ag (=to) + grand (=great) + ize

aggravate
aggravate［'ægrəveɪt］
vt. 使恶化，使加重〈同 worsen〉
例　Mary aggravated her injuries by refusing treatment. 由于玛丽拒绝接受治疗，她的伤情加重了。

aggregate
aggregate［'ægrɪgət］
n. ①总数〈同　total, sum〉
例　The aggregate of all the gifts was over $700. 所有礼物的累计价值超过了700美元。
例　Society is an aggregate of individuals. 社会是个人的集合体。

aggregate
aggregate［'æɡrɪɡeɪt］
v. ① 聚集，集合 ② 合计
解　① to collect into a mass ② to sum; total
例　When her monthly expenses were aggregated, they amounted to double her salary. 她每月的开销合计起来是她收入的两倍。
同　disaggregate v. 分散
构　ag (=to) + greg (=to collect) + ate

aggressive
aggressive　［əˈɡresɪv］
adj. ① 有进取心的〈同 enterprising〉
例 His victory was largely a result of his aggressive election campaign. 他的胜利很大程度上源自他积极的竞选活动。
例 The country made an aggressive attack on a neighboring nation. 这个国家主动攻击了邻国。
记 ag（一再） +gress（走） +ive→一再向前走→进取的
联 aggressiveness n. 侵略性；竞争能力；aggression n. 侵略，攻击

aggressive
aggressive［ə'ɡresɪv］
adj. ① 好斗的；侵略性的 ② 敢作敢为的，有闯劲的
解　① marked by combative readiness ② having or showing determination and energetic pursuit of one's ends
例　We need an aggressive mayor to solve our city's problems. 我们需要一个敢作敢为的市长来解决本市的问题。
同　aggression n. 进攻，侵略
构　ag (=to) + gress (=to walk) + ive

agile
agile［'æʤaɪl］
adj. 敏捷的，活泼轻快的〈同　nimble, quick〉
例　The agile kid climbed up the tree in no time. 那个敏捷的孩子很快就爬到了树上。

agitation
agitation［ˌæʤɪ'teɪʃən］
n. 焦虑，不安；煽动〈同 anxiety〉
例　Because of her agitation over losing her job, she could not sleep. 由于失业让她很焦虑，她都睡不着觉了。

agnostic
agnostic［æɡ'nɒstɪk］
n. 不可知论者 adj. 不可知论的
解　n. a person who doubts the truth of religion adj. uncertain of all claims to knowledge
例　Rebelling against the religious training of his youth, he was for many years an agnostic. 他年轻的时候就反抗宗教培训，多年来一直是个无神论者。
构　a (=not) + gnost (=to know) + ic

agnostic
agnostic［æɡ'nɒstɪk］
n. 不可知论者
解　a person who doubts truth of religion
例　Rebelling against the religious training of his youth, he was for many years an agnostic. 他年轻的时候就反抗宗教培训，多年来一直是个不可知论者。
构　a (=not) + gnos (=to know) + tic

agog
agog［ə'ɡɒɡ］
adj. 兴奋的，热切的，有强烈兴趣的
解　highly excited
例　After four long years, many students were agog to graduate. 漫长的四年之后，许多学生都兴奋地盼着毕业。

agony
agony［'ægəni］
n. 苦恼；极大的痛苦〈同 anguish〉
例　Listening to my neighbor practice the piano is an agony. 听我的邻居练习钢琴是一件很痛苦的事。

agony
agony［'æɡəni］
n. 苦恼，极大的痛苦
解　very painful suffering; very great anguish
例　The loss of their child filled them with agony. 他们失去了自己的孩子，痛苦万分。
同　agonize v. 使极度痛苦，折磨

agrarian
agrarian［ə'ɡrərɪən］
adj. 耕地的，土地的
解　pertaining to the cultivation of land
例　The agrarian society depended mainly on its crops for food, rather than meat from hunting. 农耕社会主要依靠农作物作为食物来源，而不是靠打猎获取肉类。
近　chagrin n./v. 失望，懊恼；saccharin n. 糖精；grin n./v. 露齿笑，咧嘴笑

agreeable
agreeable［ə'gri:əbəl］
adj. ①（指计划等）使人愉快的，合意的〈同 pleasing, acceptable〉
例　The plan was agreeable to everyone but Mary. 除了玛丽，所有人都对这个计划满意。
例　Mr. Bao is an agreeable man with a kind smile. 包先生是一个面带微笑、十分随和的人。

agriculture
agriculture［'æɡrɪkʌltʃə(r)］
n. 农业
解　the practice of cultivating the land or raising stock
例　The farmer's son studied agriculture in college so he could return and successfully run the family farm. 这位农民的儿子在大学学习农业，这样他学成归来后就可以成功地经营家庭农场。

agronomist
agronomist［ə'ɡrɒnəmɪst］
n. 农学家
解　scientist engaged in the management of land
例　The professor was an agronomist and he met with local farmers to discuss advances in agricultural science. 这位教授是一位农学家，他与当地的农民们会面，讨论农业科学的进步问题。

agronomy
agronomy［əɡ'rɒnəmi］
n. 农学
解　the application of soil and plant sciences to land management and crop production
例　The farmer used agronomy to make his farm more productive. 这位农民运用农学使他的农场更加高产。

ailment
ailment［'eɪlmənt］
n. 疾病（尤指轻病、小病）〈同　illness, affliction〉
例　A feeble body is always prone to minor ailments. 虚弱的身体往往容易患一些小病。

aim
aim　［eɪm］
n. 目标，计划〈同 objective, object〉
例 His aim is to win this game, whatever it takes. 他的目标是，不计一切代价赢得这场比赛。
vi. 针对；打算，意欲；瞄准；致力于（at）〈同 direct towards〉
例 These advertisements are specifically aimed at young people. 这些广告专门针对年轻人（设计的）。

aircraft
aircraft［'əkrɑ:ft］
n. 飞行器
解　a vehicle that can fly
例　Airplanes, airships, helicopters, and hot air balloons are all aircraft. 飞机、飞艇、直升机和热气球都属于飞行器。

airtight
airtight［'ətaɪt］
adj. 密封的
解　not allowing air to pass in or out
例　She put her lunch in an airtight container so it would stay fresh. 她把午餐放到密封容器里，这样可以保鲜。

ajar
ajar［ə'ʤɑ:(r)］
adj.（门、窗等）微开的〈同　half-open〉
例　She left the door ajar so that she could hear what they were saying. 她把门半开着，这样就能够听到他们在说什么。

akin
akin［ə'kɪn］
adj. 同族的；类似的〈同　related; similar〉
例　His taste in music seems akin to mine. 他在音乐上的品位似乎与我类似。

alarm
alarm　［əˈlɑːm］
vt. 使惊恐；警告〈同 frighten〉
例 I was alarmed by the reports of her disappearance. 她失踪的报道，让我大吃一惊。

alarm
alarm［ə'lɑ:m］
v. 警告 n. 警报
解　v. to give warning to n. an automatic signal (usually a sound) warning of danger
例　The alarm rang and woke her up. 警报响了起来，把她吵醒了。
同　alarmed adj. 被惊吓的

alert
alert　［əˈlɜːt］
adj. 机敏的〈同 vigilant〉
例 Although he was almost ninety years old, he was still active and alert. 虽然快要九十岁了，但他依然非常活跃和机敏。
vt. 向…发出警报；使认识到〈同 warn, alarm〉
例 Direct mail advertising serves to acquaint customers with products and alert them to new opportunities. 直接邮寄广告可以让消费者熟悉产品，并提醒消费者有新的购买机会。

alias
alias［'eɪlɪəs］
n. 化名，别名
解　a name that has been assumed temporarily
例　The thief had so many aliases that no one knew his real name. 这个小偷有许多化名，没人知道他的真实姓名。

alibi
alibi［'ælɪbaɪ］
n. 借口，托辞
解　an explanation offered to avoid blame or justify action; an excuse
例　The inspector was able to put his finger on the weak point in the suspect's alibi. 检察官能准确指出嫌疑人辩辞中的弱点。
近　ad-lib v. 即兴表演；albinism n. 白化病；albino n. 白化病者；album n. 集邮册；相册；唱片

alien
alien［'eɪlɪən］
adj. 相异的，陌生的〈同 strange〉
例　When I first went to New York, it all felt very alien to me. 当我第一次去纽约的时候，那里的一切对我来说都很陌生。

alienate
alienate［'eɪlɪəneɪt］
v. 疏远
解　turn from affection to indifference, dislike, or hatred; make unfriendly
例　The other students alienated her because she looked different. 由于她看上去和别人不一样，其他的同学都疏远她。
构　ali (=other) + en (=quality) + ate （动词后缀）

align
align［ə'laɪn］
v. ① 使排成一线 ② 使结盟
解　① to bring into line ② to bring into agreement, close cooperation, etc.
例　I aligned the sights of my gun with the target. 我把枪的瞄准器和目标对准成一条直线。
构　a (=to) + lign (=line)

alignment
alignment［ə'laɪnmənt］
n. 排列成行；联合，结盟〈同　arrangement; association〉
例　All four wheels must be in perfect alignment. 四个轮子都必须完全对齐。

allege
allege［ə'leʤ］
vt.（尤指无根据地）宣称；断言〈同 assert〉
例　Although he has no proof, this man alleges that the janitor stole his watch. 尽管没有证据，这个男人还是断言是看门人偷了他的表。

allegory
allegory［'ælɪgəri; (US)'ælɪgɔ:ri］
n. 寓言〈同　parable, fable〉
例　Orwell's Animal Farm is an allegory which uses a farm to illustrate philosophical ideas. 奥威尔的《动物庄园》是一个寓言故事，它用一座农场来说明哲学理念。

alleviate
alleviate［ə'li:vɪeɪt］
vt. 减轻（痛苦等），缓和〈同 reduce, lighten〉
例　To alleviate symptoms, you should drink plenty of water and stay in bed. 为缓解症状，你需要多喝水，卧床休息。

alliance
alliance　［əˈlaɪəns］
n. 联盟，同盟〈同 union〉
例

alliteration
alliteration［əˌlɪtə'reɪ∫ən］
n. 头韵
例　“Sally sells sea shells by the seashore”is an alliteration.“Sally sells sea shells by the seashore”这句话压头韵。

alliteration
alliteration［əˌlɪtə'reɪʃən］
n. 头韵（法）（即在一组词或诗中，第一个字母或发音的重复）
解　repetition of beginning sound in poetry
例　“The furrow followed free” is an example of alliteration. “船行过留下四散的水纹”是头韵的例子。

allocate
allocate［'æləkeɪt］
vt. 分配，分派，拨出〈同 allot〉
例　The federal government allocated millions of dollars for cancer research. 联邦政府拨出几百万美元用于癌症研究。
例　Private cars are banned from the city on alternate days. 私家车每隔一天就被禁止入城。
例　If that business does not make what we want, we can always find an alternate one that does. 如果那项业务达不到我们想要的水平，我们随时都可以选择其他的业务来替代。
例　Her cheerfulness alternated with despair. 她的欢乐和绝望交替而来。

allowance
allowance［ə'laʊəns］
n. 津贴；补助〈同　stipend, subsidy〉
例　She was given an allowance of five dollars per week. 她每周获得五美元的补贴。

alloy
alloy　［ˈælɔɪ］
n. 合金〈同 metal〉
例 The factory used a special metal alloy for building light car parts. 这家工厂使用一种特殊的金属合金制作轻型汽车零部件。
v. 使成合金〈同 mix〉
例 Copper is commonly alloyed with zinc to make brass. 铜通常与锌组成合金，形成黄铜。

allude
allude［ə'lu:d］
vi. 暗指，影射，间接提到〈同　imply, hint〉
例　He's sensitive about his size, so let's not allude to it. 他对自己的体重非常敏感，所以我们还是别提起它。

allude
allude［ə'lu:d］
v. 间接提到，暗指
解　to refer indirectly; to imply
例　Don't tell them of our decision; don't even allude to it. 不要把我们的决定告诉他们，连间接提到也不行。
同　allusiveness n. 暗指
构　al (=to) + lud (=to play) + e

ally
ally　［ˈælaɪ］
n. 联盟；同盟者〈同 confederate; partner〉
例 The two allies teamed up together to fight their enemies. 这两个同盟国联合起来对抗敌人。
v. 结盟〈同 combine〉
例 I refuse to ally myself to that mob. 我拒绝与那个暴徒结成同盟。

aloft
aloft［ə'lɒft］
adv. 在高处；在空中
例　The spacecraft stayed aloft for two weeks. 太空飞船在空中停留了两周。

alongside
alongside 　［əˌlɒŋˈsaɪd］
adv. 在…的旁边〈同 next to〉
例 The new pill will be used alongside existing medicines. 那种新药将与现有的药物一起使用。

aloof
aloof［ə'lu:f］
adj. 远离的；冷淡的，漠不关心的〈同　distant, remote; indifferent〉
例　After he dropped out of school, the relationship between him and his friend became aloof. 他辍学之后，与朋友的关系变得日益疏远。

alter
alter　［ˈɔːltə(r)］
v. 改变，修改〈同 modify〉
例 The company will need to alter its business strategy to become more competitive next year. 公司必须修改其经营策略，才能在明年更具竞争力。
联 alteration n. 变更，改造

alter
alter［'ɔ:ltə(r)］
v. 改变，变更
解　to cause to change; to make different
例　They had to alter their vacation plans to the Caribbean because of the hurricane present there. 由于加勒比海风暴肆虐，他们不得不改变去那儿的休假计划。

alternate
alternate［'ɔ:ltəneɪt］
v. 交替，轮流
解　to do something in turns
例　We alternated work and pleasure. 我们劳逸结合。

alternative
alternative　［ɔːlˈtɜːnətɪv］
adj.（两种或两种以上的东西中） 另一可选用的；供选择的〈同 optional〉
例 There is an alternative solution to this problem. 对于这个问题，有一个替代解决方案。
n. 可选事物；取舍，抉择〈同 choice〉
例 I have no alternative but to ask you to leave. 我别无选择，只能让你离开。
记 alter（改变） +native→可改变的→供选择的

altitude
altitude［'æltɪtju:d］
n.（海拔）高度〈同　elevation, height〉
例　The pilot announced that our altitude was 30,000 feet. 飞行员宣布，我们处于30,000英尺的高空中。

altruist
altruist［'æltrʊɪst］
n. 利他主义者，爱他主义者
解　someone who makes charitable donations intended to increase human well-being
例　The rich altruist made regular donations for homeless people. 这位无私的富翁经常为无家可归的人捐款。
同　altruism n. 利他主义，不自私；altruistic adj. 利他主义的

amateur
amateur　［ˈæmətə(r)］
adj. 业余的〈同 nonprofessional〉
例 Only amateur athletes are eligible to participate in this game. 只有业余运动员才有资格参加这项比赛。
n. 业余爱好者〈同 layman〉
例 He is an amateur at golf but he loves the game. 他在高尔夫球方面确实是个外行，但他很热爱这项运动。
记 amat（爱） +eur（人）→业余爱好者

amateur
amateur［'æmətə(r)］
n. 业余爱好者
解　someone who pursues a study or sport as a pastime
例　This painting is the work of an amateur; it shows very little skill. 这幅画是一位业余爱好者的作品，没有什么技巧。

amaze
amaze　［əˈmeɪz］
vt. 使吃惊，使惊叹 vi. 令人惊异〈同 stun, astonish〉
例 Janet amazed everyone by passing her final examination. 珍妮特竟然通过了期末考试，这让所有人都非常吃惊。
联 amazement n. 惊愕，惊异；amazing adj. 令人惊异的

ambidextrous
ambidextrous［ˌæmbi'dekstrəs］
adj. 双手灵巧的
解　equally skillful with each hand
例　As an ambidextrous person, she had no problem using chopsticks with her right or left hands. 她是一个双手灵巧的人，使用左右手拿筷子都没问题。
近　dexterity n. 纯熟，灵巧；index n. 索引
构　ambi (=both) + dextr (=right hand) + ous

ambience
ambience［'æmbɪəns］
n. 周围环境，气氛〈同　atmosphere, environment〉
例　The small park possesses a pleasant ambience that appeals to young people. 这个小公园环境优雅怡人，吸引着年轻人。

ambiguous
ambiguous［æm'bɪgjʊəs］
adj. 歧义的，含糊的〈同 unclear, equivocal〉
例　His ambiguous statements could have been understood in more than one way. 他含糊不清的陈述可能让人有不止一种理解方式。

ambiguous
ambiguous［æm'bɪɡjʊəs］
adj. 模棱两可的，含糊的
解　having more than one possible meaning
例　The language of poetry cannot be too ambiguous; by nature, it relies on specific, concrete expressions to convey the essence of a feeling. 诗歌的语言不能太含糊不清；从本质上来讲，它依靠确切、具体的词语来表达情感的本质。
同　unambiguous adj. 清楚的；ambiguity n. 模棱两可，含糊不清

ambition
ambition　［æmˈbɪʃən］
n. 雄心，抱负 〈同 aspiration〉
例 It was Janet's ambition to succeed in business. 珍妮特的抱负是要在商业上取得成功。
联 ambitious adj. 有雄心的，渴望成功的

ambitious
ambitious［æm'bɪʃəs］
adj. 有雄心的，渴望成功的；有野心的〈同 aspiring〉
例　She has some ambitious expansion plans for her business. 她的事业拓展计划野心勃勃。

ambivalent
ambivalent［æm'bɪvələnt］
adj. 有矛盾情绪的，举棋不定的〈同　mixed, contradictory〉
例　He was ambivalent because he wanted to eat a lot of cake, but was determined to lose weight. 他非常矛盾，因为他想吃许多蛋糕，但已经下决定心要减肥了。

ambivalent
ambivalent［æm'bɪvələnt］
adj. （对人或物）有矛盾情绪的，举棋不定的
解　characterized by a mixture of opposite feelings or attitudes
例　At one moment, she seemed fascinating to me, at the next, a little short of revolting; I found it hard to understand my own ambivalent reactions. 在这一刻，我似乎对她很着迷，而在下一刻，我似乎对她又有点厌恶；我发现我很难理解自己矛盾的反应。
同　ambivalence n. 矛盾心理
构　ambi (=both) + val (=worth) + ent

amble
amble［'æmbəl］
vi. 漫步，缓行〈同　ramble, roam〉
例　The old man ambled through the park. 那位老人缓步穿过公园。

ambulance
ambulance　［ˈæmbjʊləns］
n. 救护车；战时流动医院
例 The hospital had five ambulances ready and they could arrive at any car accident in two minutes. 医院有五辆救护车随时待命，可以在两分钟内抵达任何车祸现场。

amenable
amenable［ə'mi:nəbəl］
adj. 顺从的；应服从的〈同　submissive, tractable〉
例　He was amenable to any suggestions which came from those he looked up to. 对于他尊敬的人给出的建议，他都会接受。

amend
amend［ə'mend］
vt. 修正，改正〈同 revise〉
例　Rather than amend the club's constitution again, let us discard it and start afresh. 与其再次修改俱乐部的章程，我们还不如把它废弃，制定新的章程。

amenity
amenity［ə'mi:nəti］
n. ①［常作复数］生活福利设施，便利设施
例　There are a lot of amenities in the city such as libraries, cinemas, and hospitals. 城市里有许多便利设施，如图书馆、电影院和医院等。
例　We went to Hawaii to enjoy the amenity of a warm climate. 我们去夏威夷享受那里温暖宜人的气候。

amenity
amenity［ə'mi:nɪti］
n. 舒适，宜人
解　pleasantness resulting from agreeable conditions
例　We went to Hawaii to enjoy the amenity of a warm climate. 我们去了夏威夷，享受到了舒适宜 人 的温暖气候。
近　amnesty n. 大赦，特赦
构　am (=to love) + en (=nature of) + ity

amiable
amiable［'eɪmɪəbəl］
adj. 和蔼的，亲切的
解　diffusing warmth and friendliness
例　She has an amiable personality that everyone can get along with. 她的性格和蔼可亲，每个人都能与她和睦相处。
同　amiability n. 和蔼可亲，友善

amicable
amicable［'æmɪkəbəl］
adj. 友好的
解　characterized by friendship and goodwill
例　The local people liked the senator because of his amicable and warm personality. 因为这位参议员性格友善而热情，当地老百姓都喜欢他。
构　am (=to love) + ic (=nature of) + able

amid
amid［ə'mɪd］
prep. 在…中〈同　among〉
例　On the floor, amid many books, were two small envelopes. 地板上的一堆书中间有两个小信封。

amity
amity［'æməti］
n. 友好
解　peace and friendship; friendly relations
例　If there were amity between nations, there would be no wars. 如果国家与国家之间都相互友好，就不会有战争了。

amnesia
amnesia［æm'ni:zjə; (US)æm'ni:ʒə］
n. 健忘症；记忆缺失
例　After the car accident, he could not identify any of his friends because of amnesia. 车祸发生后，他因为失忆，根本认不出他的任何朋友。

amnesia
amnesia［æm'ni:zjə］
n. 健忘症，记忆缺失
解　loss of memory
例　The man who hit his head suffered from amnesia and could not even remember his name. 这个男人在头部被撞后就失忆了，甚至连自己的名字都想不起来了。

amorphous
amorphous［ə'mɔ:fəs］
adj. 无定形的
解　having no definite form or distinct shape
例　Unless frozen, water is naturally amorphous. 除了结冰，水在自然状态下是没有形状的。
构　a (=not, without) + morph (=form) + ous

amount
amount　［əˈmaʊnt］
n. 量；总和〈同 quantity, sum〉
例 What is the total amount for the dinner table with all its chairs? 餐桌和所有餐椅的总数是多少？
vi. 总计，等于；达到（to）〈同 total; reach〉
例 The damage after the fire amounted to $50,000. 火灾造成的损失达五万美元。

amphibian
amphibian［æm'fɪbɪən］
n. 两栖动物
解　cold-blooded vertebrate typically living on land but breeding in water
例　Amphibians are very versatile creatures, being able to live in water or on land. 两栖动物都有着多种本领，既能在水里生存，也能在陆地上生存。
同　amphibious adj. 两栖的
近　ambitious adj. 有雄心抱负的
构　amphi (=both) + bi (=life) + an

ample
ample［'æmpəl］
adj. 富足的，充足的〈同 abundant〉
例　She received ample compensation for her injuries from this accident. 她在这起交通事故中所受到的伤害获得了足够的赔偿。

amplify
amplify［'æmplɪfaɪ］
vt. 放大；扩大；增强〈同 enlarge, strengthen〉
例　They needed the radio signal to be amplified in order to receive it properly. 他们需要增强广播信号以便更好地接收。

amuse
amuse　［əˈmjuːz］
vt. 使发笑，使愉快
例 The new toys amused the children. 新玩具让孩子们很开心。

anaerobic
anaerobic［ˌæneə'rəʊbɪk］
adj. 【微】没有空气而能生活的，厌氧性的
解　living or active in the absence of oxygen
例　Although the distant planet did not have an oxygenated atmosphere, scientists could not rule out the possible existence of anaerobic life forms. 尽管这颗遥远的星球并不存在有氧环境，但是科学家也不能排除厌氧生命体存在的可能。

analogous
analogous［ə'næləɡəs］
adj. 类似的
解　similar or correspondent in some respects though otherwise dissimilar
例　Many scientists wonder if there is any life that is analogous to our own living on distant planets. 许多科学家想知道在遥远的其他星球上是否有着和我们人类一样的生命体存在。
同　analogue n. 类比
构　ana (=upon) + log (=speech) + ous

analogy
analogy［ə'næləʤi］
n. 类比，类推；类似物〈同 comparison, parallel〉
例　He drew an analogy between the brain and a computer. 他打了个比方，把人脑比作电脑。

analytical
analytical［ˌænə'lɪtɪkəl］
adj. 分析的，解析的
例　He has a very analytical mind and always gets the highest score in his geometry course. 他的分析能力很强，总是在几何学课程中得最高分。

anarchist
anarchist［'ænəkɪst］
n. 无政府主义者〈同　rebel〉
例　As an anarchist, he thought society would be better off not only without a king, but without any kind of governing body at all. 作为一名无政府主义者，他认为社会不仅不需要国王，甚至连任何一种管理机构也不需要，这样社会就会变得更好。

anarchist
anarchist［'ænəkɪst］
n. 无政府主义者
解　an advocate of anarchism
例　The anarchist was against any form of government. 无政府主义者抵制任何形式的统治。

anarchy
anarchy［'ænəki］
n. 无政府，政治混乱
解　absence of a system of government and law; disorder and confusion; a state of lawlessness and disorder (usually resulting from a failure of government)
例　The assassination of the leaders led to a period of anarchy. 领导人遭遇暗杀导致这个国家陷入无政府主义。
构　an (=not, without) + arch (=government) + y

anatomy
anatomy［ə'nætəmi］
n. 解剖；解剖学
例　She put a diagram of the human body on her wall so she could study anatomy just by looking at the wall. 她在墙上挂了一幅人体解剖图，这样她看墙上的图便可以学习解剖学。

ancestor
ancestor　［ˈænsestə(r)］
n. 祖先，祖宗〈同 forefather〉
例 His ancestors came to America on a ship. 他的祖先乘船来到美国。
记 an（在前面）+cest（行走）+or→在前面走的人→祖先
联 ancestry n. 世系，血统；ancestral adj. 祖先的，祖传的

anchor
anchor　［ˈæŋkə(r)］
n. 锚；精神支柱〈同 tie, support〉
例 The drunk pirates forgot to put the ship's anchor in the water before landing and the ship drifted into the rocks. 喝醉的海盗们在靠岸之前忘记抛锚停泊，结果船慢慢撞上了岩石。
v. 抛锚；系牢，固定〈同 fix, fasten〉
例 Most plants depend upon their roots to anchor themselves in the soil and to absorb water and inorganic chemicals. 大多数植物都是靠根部将自己固定在土壤中，吸收水分和无机化学物。

anecdote
anecdote［'ænɪkdəʊt］
n. 短故事，轶事〈同　story, tale〉
例　I love Grandmother's amusing anecdotes about her childhood. 我喜欢听奶奶讲她童年时的奇闻轶事。

anemia
anemia［ə'ni:mɪə］
n. 贫血症
解　a deficiency of red blood cells
例　Since she suffered from anemia, she was restricted to a special diet to keep her blood oxygenated. 她患有贫血症，只能吃一些特定的食物来使血液氧化。

anesthesia
anesthesia［ˌænəs'θi:zɪə］
n. 麻醉〈同　unconsciousness, numbness〉
例　During the operation, he was put under anesthesia so he wouldn't feel the pain. 在手术过程中，他被实施了麻醉，这样他就感觉不到痛了。

anesthesia
anesthesia［ˌænɪs'θi:zjə］
n. 麻醉，麻木
解　loss of bodily sensation with or without loss of unconsciousness
例　The anesthesia around his mouth allowed him to be unconscious when the dentist extracted his teeth. 他的嘴巴周围被麻醉，这样在医生给他拔牙时他就不会感觉疼痛。

anesthetic
anesthetic［ˌænɪs'θetɪk］
n. 麻醉剂 adj. 麻醉的
解　n. a drug that causes temporary loss of bodily sensations adj. characterized by insensibility
例　The doctor will give you some anesthetic before the surgery so you won't feel the pain. 在手术前，医生会给你注射麻醉剂，这样你就不会感觉疼了。
近　analgesic n. 止痛剂，镇痛剂 adj. 止痛的

animated
animated［'ænɪmeɪtɪd］
adj. 活生生的；活泼的，生动的〈同　lively〉
例　Cartoons are animated short films. 卡通是动画短片。

animated
animated［'ænɪmeɪtɪd］
adj. ① 栩栩如生的 ② 活泼的，生机勃勃的
解　① seeming to be alive ② lively; vigorous
例　The clown's animated performance made both the children and the adults laugh. 小丑栩栩如生的表演逗得孩子和大人都哈哈大笑。
同　animate v. 使有生命；animation n. 兴奋，活跃；inanimate adj. 死气沉沉的，无生命的

animosity
animosity［ˌænɪ'mɒsɪti］
n. 憎恶，仇恨
解　violent hatred; active dislike; ill will
例　The wife held a great deal of animosity towards her ex-husband for the way he had treated her. 妻子因其前夫对待她的方式很恶劣而十分憎恨他。

annex
annex［æ'neks］
vt. 兼并，附加〈同　add, attach〉
例　In 1939, Hitler succeeded in annexing various parts of Europe to Germany without firing the shot. 1939年，希特勒没有动用一枪一炮，便将欧洲许多地区并入德国领土。

annihilate
annihilate［ə'naɪəleɪt］
vt. 消灭；削减〈同　conquer, destroy〉
例　They were sent on a mission to annihilate the rebel forces. 他们被派去消灭叛军。

anniversary
anniversary［ˌænɪ'vɜ:səri］
n. 周年纪念〈同　commemoration〉
例　Our wedding anniversary is January 12th. 我们的结婚纪念日是1月12日。

announce
announce［ə'naʊns］
v. 宣告，宣布
解　to make known publicly
例　The teacher announced to the class the sad news of the national disaster. 老师在班上通报了国家遭受灾难的沉痛消息。
同　announcement n. 声明

annoy
annoy　［əˈnɔɪ］
vt. 使恼怒；打扰 vi. 令人讨厌〈同 irritate〉
例 What annoys me is the fact that he won't listen to other people's suggestions. 令我烦恼的是，他竟然不听其他人的建议。
联 annoyance n. 烦恼；annoying adj. 恼人的

annual
annual　［ˈænjʊəl］
adj. 每年的〈同 yearly〉
例 Companies publish annual reports to inform the public about the previous year's activities. 公司通过公布年报，将之前一年的经营活动告知公众。
联 annually adv. 一年一次地

anomalous
anomalous［ə'nɒmələs］
adj. 反常的，不规则的
解　deviating from the general or common order or type
例　Both geniuses and mad men usually follow anomalous patterns of behavior. 天才和疯子通常都行为异常。
同　anomaly n. 异常，反常；反常的事件

anomalous
anomalous［ə'nɒmələs］
adj. 反常的，不规则的
解　deviating from the general or common order or type
例　It would be anomalous for a principal to have no authority. 一个校长没有任何权威，这是很不正常的。
同　anomaly n. 异常，反常；反常的事件

anomaly
anomaly［ə'nɒməli］
n. 异常，不规则；异常的人或物〈同　abnormality, deviation〉
例　A dog with six legs would be an anomaly. 一条狗长有六条腿，这属于异常现象。

anonymity
anonymity［ˌænə'nɪmɪti］
n. 无名，匿名
解　state of being nameless
例　The donor of the gift asked the college not to mention him by name; and the dean readily agreed to respect his anonymity. 礼物捐赠人要求学院不要提起他的姓名，院长欣然同意尊重他的匿名请求。
构　an (=not, without) + onym (=name) + ity

anonymity
anonymity［ˌænə'nɪmɪti］
n. 无名，匿名
解　state of being nameless
例　The donor of the gift asked the college not to mention him by name, and the dean readily agreed to respect his anonymity. 礼物捐赠人要求学校不要提到他的名字，校长也毫不勉强，同意尊重他匿名的要求。

anonymous
anonymous［ə'nɒnɪməs］
adj. 匿名的〈同 unknown〉
例　Sometimes, the newspaper publishes anonymous articles in the political opinion section. 有时候，报纸在政治观点版刊登匿名文章。

antagonistic
antagonistic［ænˌtæɡə'nɪstɪk］
adj. 对立的，敌对的
解　acting against each other; opposing; hostile
例　Cats and dogs are antagonistic towards each other. 猫类和狗类互相敌视。
同　antagonism n. 对抗，敌对

antagonize
antagonize［æn'tæɡənaɪz］
v. ① 与…对抗 ② 激怒
解　① to act in opposition to ② to provoke the hostility of
例　The fly antagonized him as he sat peacefully reading a book. 在他平静地坐着看书时，一只苍蝇惹恼了他。

antarctic
antarctic［æn'tɑ:ktɪk］
adj.［常作A-］南极的，南极地带的
例　Scientists are keen to track the fortunes of Antarctic plant life over 30 million years. 科学家热衷于追踪3000万年以来南极地区植物的生长情况的宝贵信息。
n.［常作the A-］南极地区
例　The protection of the Antarctic from commercial exploitation is an important goal of environmentalists. 保护南极地区不被商业开发是环保人士重要的工作目标。

antecedent
antecedent［ˌæntɪ'si:dənt］
n. 先辈；前事 adj. 先行的
解　n. a preceding occurrence or cause or event adj. preceding in time or order
例　Scientists cannot agree on whether the egg or the chicken was the antecedent. 科学家们在“先有鸡还是先有蛋”这个问题上无法达成一致。
近　anterior adj. 较早的，以前的
构　ante (=before) + ced (=to go) + ent

anthem
anthem［'ænθəm］
n. 圣歌，赞美歌〈同　hymn〉
例　The band played the national anthem. 乐队演奏了国歌。

anthology
anthology［æn'θɒləʤi］
n. 诗集；文选〈同　collection〉
例　I love to read anthologies of science fiction stories. 我喜欢读科幻小说选集。

anthology
anthology［æn'θɒləʤi］
n. 诗集，文选；选集
解　a collection of selected literary passages
例　She used an anthology of bedtime short stories to read her children to sleep. 她通过读一本睡前短篇故事集来哄孩子们睡觉。
同　antho (=flower; collection) + logy

antibiotic
antibiotic［ˌæntibaɪ'ɒtɪk］
adj. 抗菌的，抗生的
例　Antibiotic drugs such as penicillin have saved many lives. 青霉素等抗菌药物挽救了许多人的生命。

antibiotic
antibiotic［ˌæntɪbaɪ'ɒtɪk］
n. 抗生素
解　a substance produced by a living organism, especially a bacterium or fungus, that destroys or weakens germs
例　Penicillin is an antibiotic. 青霉素是一种抗生素。
构　anti (=against) + bio (=life) + tic

antibody
antibody［'æntɪbɒdi］
n. 抗体
解　a protein substance produced in the blood or tissues in response to a specific antigen, such as a bacterium or a toxin
例　The professor explained to the biology students how our bodies create antibodies in response to foreign substances in our blood. 教授向生物系学生讲解当外来物质进入我们的血液中时，我们的身体是如何产生抗体的。
构　anti (=against) + body (=body)

antibody
antibody［'æntɪbɒdi］
n. 抗体
解　substance formed in the blood tending to inhibit or destroy harmful bacteria, etc.
例　The antibodies surrounded and killed the bacteria in his liver. 抗体包围并消灭了他肝脏里的细菌。

anticipate
anticipate　［ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt］
vt. 预料，预期〈同 expect〉
例 Columbus' discovery of America was probably anticipated by earlier explorers. 哥伦布发现美洲大陆，可能已经被之前的探险家们预见到了。
记 anti（前）+cip（落下）+ate→提前落下→预期
联 anticipation n. 期望，预料

anticlimax
anticlimax［æntɪ'klaɪmæks］
n. 高潮突降（从上升趋势突然转为令人失望的下降趋势）；虎头蛇尾
解　a disappointing decline after a previous rise
例　After all the suspense for the new movie, the actor's poor performance made the last scene an anticlimax. 这部新电影在前面设置了许多悬念，但这个男演员拙劣的表演使最后一场戏变得虎头蛇尾。

anticlimax
anticlimax［ˌæntɪ'klaɪmæks］
n. 高潮突降
解　a sudden change from an important state to a trivial state
例　The athlete's paralysis was an anticlimax to his promising career. 这位运动员的瘫痪使他正辉煌的事业突然走向了低谷。

antidote
antidote［'æntɪdəʊt］
n. 解毒剂
解　a remedy or other agent used to neutralize or counteract the effects of a poison
例　They gave the patient an antidote to reverse the course the poison had taken. 他们给病人服用解毒剂来中和毒药的毒性。
构　anti (=against) + dote (=to give)

antipathy
antipathy［æn'tɪpəθi］
n. 憎恶，反感，不相容
解　a feeling of intense dislike
例　Cats naturally have a strong antipathy towards dogs. 猫和狗天生不相容。
构　anti (=against, opposite) + path (=to feel) + y

antipathy
antipathy［æn'tɪpəθi］
n. 憎恶，反感
解　intense dislike
例　Women usually have an antipathy to mice and spiders. 女性通常都讨厌老鼠和蜘蛛。
构　anti (=against, opposite) + path (=to feel) + y

antiquated
antiquated［'æntɪkweɪtɪd］
adj. 陈旧的，过时的〈同　obsolete, outmoded〉
例　The crank telephone is now thoroughly antiquated. 如今，摇柄电话已经完全过时了。

antiquated
antiquated［'æntɪkweɪtɪd］
adj. ① 陈旧的 ② 过时的
解　① extremely old as seeming to belong to an earlier period ② being out of style or fashion
例　Marine explorers discovered the remains of an antiquated city at the bottom of the ocean. 海洋探险家在海底发现了一座废弃城市的残骸。

antique
antique　［ænˈtiːk］
n. 古董〈同 relic〉
例 The clock in the room is an antique. 那个房间里的钟表是一件古董。
adj. 古时的，陈旧的〈同 old, archaic〉
例 Richard likes antique cars and always goes to auto shows on weekends. 理查德喜欢古董车，经常在周末去参加车展。
记 anti（前）+que→以前就有的→古时的
联

antique
antique［æn'ti:k］
n. 古董，古物 adj. 古老的，古代的
解　n. something made long ago adj. of times long ago; from times long ago
例　This carved chest is a genuine antique. 这个雕花的箱子是一件真正的古董。

antiseptic
antiseptic［ˌænti'septɪk］
n. 杀菌剂；防腐剂〈同　bactericide〉
例　He bathed the wound with antiseptic. 他用抗菌剂冲洗伤口。

anxious
anxious　［ˈænkʃəs］
adj. ① 渴望的〈同 keen〉
例 Since it was Rob's first date, he was more nervous than he was anxious. 这是罗布的第一次约会，因此他更多感到的是紧张而不是渴望。
例 The drought has made farmers anxious about the harvest. 干旱让农民们担心起庄稼的收成。
联 anxiety n. 忧虑，焦急；渴望，热望

anyhow
anyhow　［ˈenɪhaʊ］
adv. 无论如何，总之〈同 in any case〉
例 Anyhow, let's get back to the point. 总之，让我们言归正传。

apartment
apartment［ə'pɑ:tmənt］
n. 公寓
解　room or group of rooms to live in; flat
例　The apartment in the inland city was very expensive because of its view of the lake. 由于市内有个湖，所以这个内陆城市的房价很高。

apathetic
apathetic［ˌæpə'θetɪk］
adj. 冷漠的，无动于衷的
解　showing little or no emotion or animation
例　Many people are apathetic about social issues and are only concerned about their own self-interest. 许多人对社会事件漠不关心，而只在乎自身的利益。
构　a (=not) + path (=to feel, to suffer) + etic
同　apathy n. 漠然，冷淡

apathy
apathy［'æpəθi］
n. 漠然，冷淡
解　the trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally
例　The people's apathy towards pollution contributed to the destruction of the environment. 人们对污染的冷漠导致了对环境的破坏。
近　pithy adj. （讲话或文章）简练的
同　apathetic adj. 冷漠的，无动于衷的
构　a (=not, without) + path (=to feel) + y

apologize
apologize［ə'pɒləʤaɪz］
v. 道歉
解　to acknowledge faults
例　The waitress apologized for spilling coffee on the man's lap. 女服务员因把咖啡洒到了一位男士的腿上而向他道了歉。

apology
apology［ə'pɒləʤi］
n. ① 为信仰等辩护 ② 道歉
解　① explanation or defense ② statement of regret
例　He expressed his apology to his girlfriend in a love letter. 他在情书里向女朋友表达了歉意。
同　apologist n. 辩护者
构　apo (=off) + log (=speech) + y

apophasis
apophasis［ə'pɒfəsɪs］
n. 【修辞】婉转表达法，表面否认要说或正说的话来加以暗示
解　allusion to something by denying that it will be mentioned
例　The attorney's use of apophasis aimed to discredit his rival without accusing him of anything outright. 这位律师没有直接指控对手的罪行，而是通过婉转表述来达到使其名誉扫地的目的。

apoplectic
apoplectic［ˌæpəʊ'plektɪk］
adj. ① 狂怒的；大怒的 ② 中风的，濒于中风的
解　① extremely angry; furious ② having or inclined to have apoplexy
例　Members of Congress became apoplectic about wasteful government spending. 国会成员对于政府开支的浪费感到非常愤怒。

apostasy
apostasy［ə'pɒstəsi］
n. 背教；脱党
解　a total departure from one's faith or religion
例　His statements revealed his apostasy and he was excommunicated from the church. 他的陈述透露了他的叛教，因此被逐出教会。
同　apostate n. 背教者，变节者
构　apo (=off) + stas (=to stand) + y

apostrophe
apostrophe［ə'pɒstrəfi］
n. 撇号 (')
解　the mark (') used to indicate possession as well as the omission of one or more letters from a printed word
例　The apostrophe is used to express possession. 撇号用来表达所有格。

apparatus
apparatus［ˌæpə'reɪtəs］
n. 器械，设备，仪器〈同　machinery, equipment〉
例　The doctor uses many different apparatus including X-ray machines and stethoscopes. 医生使用许多种不同的仪器，包括X光机和听诊器。

appeal
appeal　［əˈpiːl］
n. 吸引力〈同 attraction〉
例 The appeal of traveling to a sunny beach during the cold winter is very strong. 在寒冷的冬季，去阳光明媚的海滩度假非常具有吸引力。
例 The thought of going for a walk after dinner tonight appeals to me. 今天晚上饭后散步的想法引起了我的兴趣。
例 Judgments made in a criminal case can usually be appealed to a higher court, which can either overturn or uphold a lower court ruling. 刑事案件的判决通常会被上诉至上级法院，上级法院可驳回或支持下级法院的判决。
记 ap+peal（拉）→拉过去→吸引
联 appealing adj. 动人的，吸引人的

appendix
appendix［ə'pendɪks］
n. ① 附录；附属品
例　This dictionary has an appendix which lists computer terms. 这本字典有一个列举计算机术语的附录。
例　She had her appendix out last summer. 去年夏天，她做了阑尾切除手术。

appetite
appetite　［ˈæpɪtaɪt］
n. 胃口，食欲〈同 desire〉
例 Michael had no appetite, so they had to coax him to eat. 迈克尔没有食欲，所以他们不得不哄他吃饭。

applaud
applaud［ə'plɔ:d］
v.（向…）鼓掌喝彩，欢呼〈同 clap〉
例　The audience stood up and applauded at the end of the concert. 音乐会结束时，观众们起立鼓掌。

applicant
applicant　［ˈæplɪkənt］
n. 申请人〈同 candidate〉
例 The company was so popular that there were only two vacancies for one hundred applicants. 这家公司太受欢迎，只有两个职位空缺，却有一百多名应征者。
联 application n. 申请；施用，运用；appliance n. 用具，器具；apply vt. 应用，适用；vi. 申请

application
application［ˌæplɪ'keɪʃən］
n. ① 申请
例　Application must be made early for the banquet. 宴会的邀请必须早点发出。
例　Mathematics has applications in science. 数学在科学领域有所应用。

appointment
appointment　［əˈpɔɪntmənt］
n. ① 约会，约定
例 Dr. Smith will not be available for any of his appointments today since he is still out of town. 史密斯医生今天无法赴约，因为他现在还没回到城里。
例 People are anxiously awaiting news on the President's appointment of his cabinet members. 人们焦急地等待着总统任命内阁成员的消息。
联 appoint vt. 任命，选派

apportion
apportion［ə'pɔ:∫ən］
vt.（按比例或计划）分配〈同　distribute, allot〉
例　Our problem now is not to apportion blame for our failures but to find a way to achieve successes. 我们目前的问题并非追究失败的责任，而是找出获得成功的方法。

appraisal
appraisal［ə'preɪzəl］
n. 评价；估价〈同 assessment〉
例　Fifty thousand dollars would be a fair appraisal of their new house. 给他们的新房估价5万美元是客观公正的。

appreciable
appreciable［ə'pri:ʃɪəbəl］
adj.（数量或变化等）很大的；值得重视的〈同 considerable〉
例　There has been an appreciable drop in the number of the unemployed since the new government came to power. 新政府执政以后，失业人员的数量有了明显下降。

appreciate
appreciate　［əˈpriːʃɪeɪt］
vt. ① 赏识；鉴赏〈同 admire〉
例 The teacher works very hard but he can still find time to appreciate traditional Chinese painting. 那位老师工作非常努力，但仍能抽出时间欣赏中国传统国画。
例 I appreciate your advice on this important matter. 我非常感谢您为这件重要的事情所提出的建议。
联 appreciation n. 欣赏；口味，兴趣；appreciable adj. 明显的；可估计的；appreciative adj. 感谢的；赞赏的

apprehension
apprehension［ˌæprɪ'henʃən］
n. 担心，害怕；理解〈同 worry, understand〉
例　The English test caused me a lot of apprehension because I did not study hard for it. 因为我没有努力学习，英语测试让我感到很恐惧。

approach
approach　［əˈprəʊtʃ］
n. 方法〈同 method〉
例 I've just read an interesting book which has a new approach to studying Cao Xueqin. 我最近读了一本有趣的书，书中提出了一种研究曹雪芹的新方法。
v. 接近，靠近〈同 be close to, near〉
例 The time is approaching when Sharon will leave to study English in the United States. 莎伦去美国学英语的日子越来越近了。
联 approaching adj. 接近的，逼近的

approbation
approbation［ˌæprə'beɪʃən］
n. ① 称赞 ② 批准，认可
解　① approval; praise ② official recognition or approval sanction
例　Popularity polls seem to be based on the mistaken idea that the basic task of a political leader is to win immediate approbation from the people. 民意测验似乎建立在这样一种错误的观念上，即认为一个政治领袖的基本任务就是从人民那里得到直接的认可。
构　ap < ad (=to) + prob (=to try, to test) + ation

appropriate
appropriate　［əˈprəʊprɪət］
adj. 适当的，恰当的〈同 proper〉
例 I've been invited to her wedding but I haven't got anything appropriate to wear. 我受邀参加她的婚礼，但我还没有合适的衣服穿。
例 The city government appropriated a large budget for the construction of a new science museum. 市政府拨出很大一部分预算，用于建设新科技博物馆。
记 ap+propr（=proper 正确）+iate→正确的，恰当的
联 appropriation n. 拨款；inappropriate adj. 不适当的，不相称的

appropriate
appropriate［ə'prəʊprieɪt］v. ① 拨款 ② 挪用，盗用［ə'prəʊpriət］adj. 合适的
解　v. ① to set apart for a specific use ② to take for oneself or for one's own use, esp. without permission adj. suitable for a particular person or place or condition, etc.
例　The judge decided on an appropriate sentence for the crime. 法官对这一罪行作出了适当的判决。
同　appropriately adv. 得体地；appropriateness n. 适当；appropriation n. 恰当；拨款，挪用公款

approval
approval　［əˈpruːvəl］
n. 赞成，正式批准〈同 sanction〉
例 We'll buy the new computer system as soon as we have the approval of the directors. 只要获得董事们的批准，我们马上就购买新电脑系统。
联 disapproval n. 不赞成；approve v. 赞许，欣赏；批准，赞成

approval
approval［ə'pru:vəl］
n. ① 批准 ② 赞同
解　① a message expressing a favorable opinion ② acceptance as satisfactory
例　Elected officials normally check ratings of their pubic approval in order to calculate their chances for reelection. 当选官员通常都会确认他们的公共支持率，从而计算出下次当选的几率。

approximate
approximate
例 Your latest design approximates much more closely what I understood the building would be like. 你最新的设计与我想象中这栋建筑的样子非常接近。
例 The approximate time that the train will arrive at its destination is 8:00 a.m. tomorrow. 火车抵达目的地的大体时间是明天上午八点。
记 ap+proxim（接近）+ate→接近，近似
联 approximately adv. 近似地，大约；approximation n. 近似值

apt
apt［æpt］
adj. ① 恰当的，贴切的〈同 appropriate〉
例　His apt reply to the question showed that he had understood it very well. 他对这个问题做出的恰当的回答表明他已经理解得很好了。
例　A careless person is apt to make mistakes. 粗心的人容易犯错误。

aquatic
aquatic［ə'kwætɪk］
adj. 水生的，水栖的
例　Dolphins are good examples of mammals that are aquatic life forms. 海豚是水生生物中哺乳动物的很好的例子。

aqueduct
aqueduct［'ækwɪˌdʌkt］
n. 引水渠，渡槽
解　an artificial channel or large pipe for bringing water from a distance; a structure that supports such a channel or pipe
例　The inland town built an aqueduct to transport water from the river to houses. 这个内陆城镇建造了一个引水渠，用来把水从河里输送到各家各户。
近　aquatic adj. 水生的，水中的

arbitrary
arbitrary　［ˈɑːbɪtrəri］
adj. 专横的，专制的；武断的〈同 dictatorial〉
例 The manager consistently rewarded his sales team in an arbitrary manner, causing offense to the top performers of other departments, who received no pay for extra work. 那位经理总是以随意的方式奖励销售团队，这引起了其他部门优秀员工的不满，因为他们的额外工作并没有得到回报。
记 来自arbit（判断，裁决）+rary→武断的
联 arbitrarily adv. 任意地；专横地；arbitrator n. 仲裁人；arbiter n. 权威人物；仲裁人；arbitrate v. 仲裁，公断

arboreal
arboreal［ɑ:'bɔ:rɪəl］
adj. 树栖的；树的〈同　tree-dwelling; treelike〉
例　Monkeys are arboreal animals. 猴子是树栖动物。

arc
arc［ɑ:k］
n. 弧；弓形
例　The crowd watched as the ball rose in a high arc and fell behind the boundary line. 观众们看着球划了一条高弧线，然后落在了边界线之外。

architect
architect　［ˈɑːkɪtekt］
n. 建筑师
例 The architect has won awards for his designs. 那位建筑师的设计荣获了奖项。
联 architecture n. 建筑；建筑学；architectural adj. 建筑上的；建筑学的

arctic
arctic［'ɑ:ktɪk］
adj.［常作A-］北极的，北极区的
例　The Arctic Circle is an imaginary line drawn at approximately 66.5 degrees North. 北极圈是在北纬66.5度附近划的一个假想的圈。

ardent
ardent［'ɑ:dənt］
adj. 热烈投入的，极热心的〈同　passionate, enthusiastic〉
例　He is an ardent lover of music. 他酷爱音乐。

arduous
arduous［'ɑ:djʊəs; (US)'ɑrʤʊəs］
adj. 费力的，艰难的〈同　difficult, hard〉
例　Sometimes just finding the right words can be the most arduous task to accomplish. 有时候，仅仅是找到合适的词也是很困难的。

argue
argue　［ˈɑːɡjuː］
v. 争论，辩论
例 “Don't argue with me!” Janet warned her boyfriend. “别跟我争吵！”珍妮特警告她的男朋友。
联 argument n. 论证；论据；争吵

arid
arid［'ærɪd］
adj. 干旱的；贫瘠的〈同　dry; barren〉
例　The desert is so arid that nothing can grow there. 这里的沙漠太过干旱，寸草不生。

arise
arise　［əˈraɪz］
vi. 出现，发生；起因于〈同 happen〉
例 If something unexpected arises at the office, I will be home late. 如果公司有意外情况发生，我就得晚点回家。

aristocracy
aristocracy［ˌærɪs'tɒkrəsi］
n. 贵族阶级
解　a privileged class holding hereditary titles
例　Earls, duchesses, and princes belong to the aristocracy. 伯爵、公爵夫人和王子都属于贵族阶级。

armada
armada［ɑ:'mɑ:də］
n. 舰队
解　a large fleet
例　The country sent an armada to block any ships from crossing the strait. 国家派遣一支舰队封锁海峡，禁止任何船只进入。

armor
armor［'ɑ:mə(r)］
n. 装甲；装甲车〈同　shield〉
例　The steel plates of a warship and the scales of a fish are armor. 战舰的钢板和鱼的鳞片都属于装甲。

armory
armory［'ɑ:məri］
n. 纹章；兵工厂，军械库〈同　arsenal〉
例　Fighter planes have successfully bombed the enemy's main armory. 战斗机成功炸毁了敌方的主要兵工厂。

armory
armory［'ɑ:məri］
n. 军械库，兵工厂
解　a place where arms are manufactured
例　The soldiers went to the armory before the battle to choose their favorite weapons. 开战之前，士兵们到军械库挑选自己喜欢的武器。

army
army［'ɑ:mi］
n. 军队 （陆军）
解　an organization of military land forces
例　The army battled to keep their flag waving. 军队奋力作战，为使国家争光。

aroma
aroma［ə'rəʊmə］
n. 香气，芬芳，芳香〈同　fragrance, scent〉
例　The wine has a light fruity aroma. 这种酒有淡淡的果香。

arouse
arouse　［əˈraʊz］
vt. 刺激，激起；唤醒 vi. 醒来〈同 stimulate; awake〉
例 His refusal to walk through the metal detector before boarding the plane aroused the guard's suspicion. 他在登机之前拒绝通过金属探测器，这引起了安保人员的怀疑。
联 arousal n. 觉醒；激励

arrange
arrange［ə'reɪnʤ］
vt. ① 计划，准备〈同 plan, schedule〉
例　I'm trying to arrange my work so that I can have a couple of days off next week. 我尽量安排好工作，好在下周请几天假。
例　Every morning, Janet arranged the papers on her desk and then began work. 每天早上，珍妮特都要整理好桌上的文件，然后开始工作。

array
array［ə'reɪ］
n. 展示，陈列；一批，一系列〈同 collection〉
例　The designer displayed an array of new fashions. 设计师展示了一系列新的流行服饰。
例　People learning a foreign language often have difficulty in articulating certain sounds. 人们在学习一门外语的时候，经常在发某些音时比较困难。
例　At the age of 93, he was still sharp-witted and articulate. 他93岁了，仍然思维敏捷，表达清晰。

arsenal
arsenal［'ɑ:sənəl］
n. 兵工厂，军械库〈同　armory〉
例　The arsenal produced thousands of missiles each year. 这家兵工厂每年生产数千枚导弹。

arthritis
arthritis［ɑ:'θraɪtɪs］
n. 关节炎
例　For years, my father has had arthritis in his knees. 多年以来，我父亲的膝盖一直患有关节炎。

artifact
artifact［'ɑ:tɪfækt］
n. 人工制品
解　a man-made object
例　The artifacts unearthed around the mountain suggested that technically proficient people had lived there centuries ago. 在这座山周围出土的古代器物表明，数百年前这里曾生活着一群技术熟练的人。

artifice
artifice［'ɑ:tɪfɪs］
n. ① 诡计 ② 巧办法，机智
解　① subtle but base deception; trickery ② cleverness or skill; ingenuity
例　The spy employed the artifice of disguise to avoid being caught by the authorities. 间谍使用巧妙的伪装来避免被当局抓获。

artificial
artificial　［ɑːtɪˈfɪʃəl］
adj. 人造的，人工的〈同 synthetic〉
例 The soldier who lost a leg in a battle now has an artificial limb. 那位在战争中失去了一条腿的士兵，现在安上了假肢。
记 arti（技巧）+fic（做）+ial→(人）用技巧做的→人造的
联 artificially adv. 人工地；artisan n. 手工业工人，手艺人；artifact n. 工艺品；artifice n. 技巧；诡计

artificial
artificial［ˌɑ:tɪ'fɪʃəl］
adj. ① 人工的 ② 做作的
解　① made by human beings; produced rather than natural ② not genuine or natural
例　When nervous, he had an artificial laugh. 在紧张的时候，他笑起来就很假。

artist
artist［'ɑ:tɪst］
n. 艺术家
解　a person whose creative work shows sensitivity and imagination
例　The versatile artist could draw, paint, sculpt and sing. 这位多才多艺的艺术家既会画画，又会雕刻，而且还会唱歌。
同　artistry n. 艺术技巧；艺术性

artless
artless［'ɑ:tləs］
adj. ① 自然的，不谙世故的 ② 粗俗的
解　① simple and natural; without cunning or deceit ② (of persons) lacking art or knowledge
例　Little children often ask artless questions. 小孩常常会问一些天真的问题。
同　artlessness n. 朴实，天真，自然

ascend
ascend［ə'send］
v.（渐渐）上升，升高；攀登〈同 climb〉
例　They slowly ascended the steep mountain. 他们慢慢地爬上了这座陡峭的山。

ascertain
ascertain［ˌæsə'teɪn］
vt. 查明；确定〈同 confirm〉
例　I ascertained that no one could overhear us before I told Bob the news. 我确定没有人偷听我们讲话，然后才把这个消息告诉鲍勃。

ascribe
ascribe［ə'skraɪb］
vt. 把…归于（to）〈同 attribute〉
例　John ascribed his success to hard work. 约翰把他的成功归功于努力工作。

ashamed
ashamed　［əˈʃeɪmd］
adj. 惭愧的，羞耻的〈同 humiliated〉
例 Aren't you ashamed to tell such big lies? 你撒了这么大的谎，难道就不感到羞愧吗？
记 a(sh）（在圣灰节，人们撒灰于头上以示忏悔）+shame（惭愧，羞耻）+d→惭愧的，羞耻的
联 shameless adj. 不知羞耻的

aspect
aspect［'æspekt］
n. ①（问题等的）方面；（事物的）一部分〈同 respect〉
例　The one aspect of the case that puzzled me was why he had committed the crime. 这个案子让我感到困惑的一点是，他为什么要犯罪。
例　From the cost aspect, the product is not expensive. 从成本角度来看，这个产品不贵。

aspirant
aspirant［ə'spaɪərənt］
n. 有抱负者，有野心者
解　seeker after position or status
例　These times of opportunity have invigorated a generation of aspirants. 这个充满机遇的时代使这一代人深受鼓舞、胸怀抱负。

aspiration
aspiration［ˌæspə'reɪʃən］
n. 渴望，热望
解　noble ambition
例　Her aspiration to become a medical doctor was realized after many years of hard work. 通过多年的努力，她想成为医生的愿望终于实现了。
构　a < ad (=to, intensive) + spir (=to breathe) + ation

aspiring
aspiring［ə'spaɪərɪŋ］
adj. 有抱负的，有理想的，积极向上的〈同　ambitious〉
例　Aspiring musicians must practice many hours a day. 胸怀大志的音乐家们每天必须练习许多个小时。

assault
assault［ə'sɔ:lt］
n.（武力）袭击；（语言）攻击〈同 attack〉
例　The man was charged with sexual assault. 这个男人被指控性侵犯。

assemble
assemble　［əˈsembəl］
vt. 集合，装配〈同 put together〉
例 The children used the toy blocks to assemble a play castle. 孩子们用玩具积木搭建了一座玩具城堡。
vi. 聚集〈同 congregate〉
例 When the fire alarm rang we assembled outside the emergency exit. 火警警报一响，我们就到紧急出口集合。
记 as（一再）+semble（相像）→相像的物体一再聚在一起→聚集
联 assembly n. 集会；装配，安装；assembly line 装配线，流水线；assemblage n. 集合，组合

assert
assert［ə'sɜ:t］
vt. 声称，坚持〈同 emphatically state〉
例　The lawyer asserts that his client is not guilty. 律师坚称他的委托人无罪。

assess
assess　［əˈses］
vt. 估计；分析；评估〈同 estimate〉
例 It took a while to assess the damage from the tornado. 要评估龙卷风造成的损失，还需要一段时间。
联 assessment n. 估价，评估

asset
asset　［ˈæset］
n. ① ［pl.］ 财产，资产〈同 property〉
例 Among this celebrity's assets were two ski resorts, a Las Vegas hotel, and an 18-hole golf course. 这位名人的资产包括两个滑雪度假村、在拉斯维加斯的一家酒店和一座18个洞的高尔夫球场。
例 His eyes are his best asset. 他的双眼便是他最大的资本。
记 分割记忆：as+set

assignment
assignment［ə'saɪnmənt］
n. ① 任务，作业〈同 task, job〉
例　I have a lot of reading assignments to complete before the end of the term. 我有许多阅读作业要在期末前完成。
例　The assignment of the property will take place tomorrow. 产权转让将在明天进行。

assimilate
assimilate［ə'sɪmɪleɪt］
vt. ① 学习，吸收（知识）〈同 understand〉
例　You'll need to assimilate all Einstein's work before doing this research. 在进行这项研究之前，你需要学习一下爱因斯坦所有的研究成果。
例　People assimilate nutrients from food. 人们从食物中吸收营养。

associate
associate　［əˈsəʊʃɪeɪt］
v. 关联，联合〈同 pertain to〉
例 Accountants record all information associated with the economic aspects of an organization's activities. 会计记录一家机构活动的经济方面的所有信息。
n. 伙伴〈同 comrade〉
例 He is one of my business associates. 他是我的一位生意伙伴。
联 association n. 关联，联合；协会

assorted
assorted［ə'sɔ:tɪd］
adj. 各式各样的，多样混合的〈同　varied, miscellaneous〉
例　I got a gift of assorted hard candies on my birthday. 我的生日礼物是各式各样的硬糖。

assume
assume　［əˈsjuːm］
vt. ① 假定，设想〈同 suppose〉
例 I assume that his suggestion is reasonable. 我假设他的建议是合理的。
例 The new President assumes office at midnight tonight. 新任总统在今天午夜就任。
联 assumption n. 假设；担任

assure
assure　［əˈʃʊə(r)］
vt. 巩固，确保；向…保证，使确信〈同 solidify; guarantee〉
例 The doctor assured the patient that everything would be all right. 医生向患者保证，一切都会好起来的。
联 assuredly adv. 确实地，确信地；reassure vt. 使…安心，打消…的疑虑；assurance n. 确信，保证

astonish
astonish［ə'stɒnɪʃ］
vt. 使惊讶〈同 surprise, shock〉
例　I was astonished by the news of the divorce—they seemed so happy together. 我听到他们离婚的消息时感到很震惊——他们在一起看起来很幸福。

astounding
astounding［ə'staʊndɪŋ］
adj. 令人吃惊的〈同　surprising, astonishing〉
例　The soaring crime rate revealed by the police is astounding. 警方公布的急剧上升的犯罪率令人震惊。

astrology
astrology［ə'strɒləʤi］
n. 占星学，占星术
解　a pseudoscience claiming divination by the positions of the planets, sun, moon and stars
例　The daily horoscope in the newspaper was based on astrology. 报纸上的“每日星座运势”是基于占星术而作出推测的。

astronomy
astronomy［ə'strɒnəmi］
n. 天文学
例　Astronomy is the scientific study of the universe as a whole and of objects which exist naturally in space, such as the moon, the sun, planets and stars. 天文学是一项针对整个宇宙以及自然存在于宇宙内的天体，如月球、太阳、行星和恒星的科学研究。

astute
astute［ə'stju:t; (US)ə'stu:t］
adj. 机敏的，精明的〈同　shrewd, judicious〉
例　She is an astute investor in the stock market. 她是一位精明的股市投资者。

asymmetric
asymmetric［ˌeisɪ'metrɪk］
adj. 不对称的
解　characterized by asymmetry in the spatial arrangement or placement of parts or components
例　The referee examined the basketballs before the game and disallowed use of any that were asymmetric. 比赛前裁判会检查篮球，不允许使用任何不对称的篮球。
同　asymmetrical adj. 不对称的

asymmetrical
asymmetrical［ˌeɪsɪ'metrɪkəl］
adj. 不均匀的，不对称的〈同　unbalanced, uneven〉
例　Because one eyebrow was set markedly higher than the other, William's face had a particularly asymmetrical appearance. 由于威廉一边的眉毛明显高于另一边，他的脸看起来特别不对称。

atheist
atheist［'eɪθɪɪst］
n. 无神论者〈同　nonbeliever〉
例　Some atheists believe that humans merely invented the concept of God. 一些无神论者认为，是人类虚构出了神的概念。

athlete
athlete　［ˈæθliːt］
n. 运动员〈同 sportsman〉
例 He became a professional athlete at the age of 16. 他在16岁时成为了一名职业运动员。

atmosphere
atmosphere［'ætməsfɪə(r)］
n. 大气；大气层；（某一地的）空气〈同 air〉
例　The atmospheres of Mars and Earth are very different. 火星和地球的大气层差别很大。

atrophy
atrophy［'ætrəfi］
n. 萎缩；萎缩症
例　Medical experts state that almost every case of muscle and tissue atrophy is the result of changes in cell nutrition. 医学专家们认为，几乎每一个肌肉与组织萎缩的病例，都是细胞营养变化的结果。

atrophy
atrophy［'ætrəfi］
n. ① 【医】萎缩，萎缩症 ② 衰退
解　① a decrease in size of an organ caused by disease or disuse ② any weakening or degeneration (especially through lack of use)
例　Medical experts state that almost every case of muscle and tissue atrophy is the result of changes in cell nutrition, disease, or prolonged disuse. 医学专家称，几乎所有肌肉和组织萎缩都是由细胞营养的变化、疾病或长期不运动所引起的。
近　trophy n. 奖品，战利品；troupe n. 剧团；歌唱团
构　a (=not, without) + troph (=nourishment) + y

attachment
attachment［ə'tætʃmənt］
n. ①依恋，喜欢〈同　affection, love〉
例　Mary has such an attachment to the old house that she'll never sell it. 玛丽对那栋旧房子有一种深深的眷恋，因此她决不会将它卖掉。
例　Does this electric mixer have an attachment for grinding nuts? 这台电动搅拌机带有研磨坚果的配件吗？

attack
attack　［əˈtæk］
n./vt. 攻击，抨击；动手处理（某事）〈同 assault; work on〉
例 Steps are being taken by the government to attack unemployment and poverty. 政府正在采取措施应对失业与贫困。

attain
attain　［əˈteɪn］
v. 达到，获得〈同 accomplish〉
例 The nineteenth century saw women novelists attain the same prestige as men. 19世纪，女性小说家获得了与男性一样高的声望。
联 attainment n. 成就

attempt
attempt　［əˈtempt］
n./vt. 尝试；试图〈同 try, endeavor〉
例 My attempt to bake a cake failed miserably. 我烤蛋糕的尝试以失败告终。
例 The prisoners attempted to escape but failed. 囚犯们试图越狱，但失败了。

attend
attend　［əˈtend］
vt. ① 参加；入学〈同 be present at〉
例 I attend school daily. 我每天都去上学。
例 The doctors try to attend the worst injured soldiers first. 医生尽量先给受伤最严重的士兵治疗。
联 attendance n. 出席
自我检测

attendant
attendant［ə'tendənt］
n. 侍者，随从；护理人员〈同 aide〉
例　The prince was followed by five or six attendants. 王子的后面跟着五六个随从。
adj. 伴随的〈同 accompanying〉
例　Coughing and sneezing are some of the attendant discomforts of a cold. 咳嗽和打喷嚏都是由感冒引起的不适感。

attire
attire［ə'taɪə(r)］
n. 穿着，盛装〈同　clothing, dress〉
例　The members of the wedding party all wore formal attire. 参加婚宴的宾客都盛装出席。

attorney
attorney　［əˈtɜːni］
n. 代理人；辩护律师〈同 lawyer〉
例 The attorney turned down the law firm's offer of a position. 那名律师拒绝了那家律师事务所提供的职位。
记 at+torn（转）+ey→脑子转得快的人→律师

attractive
attractive　［əˈtræktɪv］
adj. 吸引人的，有魅力的〈同 appealing〉
例 The Hudson River has a couple of interesting physical features that made it very attractive for settlement by the Europeans. 哈德逊河有几个非常有趣的特点，使其吸引了欧洲人来此定居。
记 at+tract（拉）+ive→把注意力拉过来的→吸引人的

attribute
attribute
例 His outstanding attribute was his kindness. 他最突出的品质是善良。
例 Her success is attributed to her hard work and a bit of luck. 她的成功归因于她的努力工作和一点点好运气。
联 attribution n. 归属，归因

audible
audible［'ɔ:dəbəl］
adj. 听得见的〈同　perceptible, discernible〉
例　Some insects have such a keen sense of hearing that they can hear sounds not audible to the human ear. 有些昆虫有非常敏锐的听觉，它们可以听到人耳听不到的声音。

audience
audience　［ˈɔːdɪəns］
n. 观众 〈同 spectator〉
例 The audience was clearly delighted with the performance. 观众显然对表演非常满意。

audition
audition［ɔ:'dɪ∫ən］
n.（对艺人的）面试（指试演、试唱等）〈同　tryout, test〉
例　We were all nervous as we waited for the audition, but once we were on the stage our confidence returned. 在等待试唱的时候，我们都很紧张，但一登上舞台，我们便恢复了自信。

augment
augment［ɔ:g'ment］
v. 增加，增大〈同 increase〉
例　The old man sought to augment his wealth by placing it in a bank. 老人想通过把钱存入银行来使自己的财富增值。

authentic
authentic［ɔ:'θentɪk］
adj. 真的，真迹的；可靠的，确实的〈同 genuine, valid〉
例　This discovery is an authentic Goya drawing. 这次发现的这幅画是戈雅的真迹。

authority
authority　［ɔːˈθɒrəti］
n. ① 权力，权限；（某领域的） 权威人士 〈同 jurisdiction〉
例 The Supreme Court of the United States is entrusted with the authority to interpret the Constitution. 美国联邦最高法院被赋予了解释美国宪法的权力。
例 I am going to report all these holes in the road to the authorities. 我要把公路上的这些大坑报告给有关当局。
联 authoritative adj. 有权威的；authoritarian adj. 独裁的；n. 独裁主义者

authorize
authorize［'ɔ:θəraɪz］
vt. 授权，批准〈同 empower〉
例　Congress authorized the spending of money for a new post office. 议会授权拨款新建一座邮局大厦。

autobiography
autobiography［ˌɔ:təbaɪ'ɒgrəfi］
n. 自传
例　Most famous people release an autobiography at some point in their life. 大多数名人都会在一生中的某个时期出版一本自传。

autobiography
autobiography［ˌɔ:təʊbaɪ'ɒɡrəfi］
n. 自传，回忆录
解　story of a person's life written by himself
例　He wrote his autobiography during his retirement. 他在退休期间写了一本自传。
构　auto (=self) + bio (=life) + graph (=to write) + y

autocracy
autocracy［ɔ:'tɒkrəsi］
n. 独裁统治，独裁政体
解　a political system governed by a single individual
例　The autocracy of the country allowed one man's opinion and prejudices to rule millions. 这个国家的独裁统治可以让一个人的主张与偏见统治百万民众。

autocrat
autocrat［'ɔ:təkræt］
n. 独裁者
解　ruler with unlimited power; monarch with supreme power
例　He ran his office like an autocrat, giving no one else any authority. 他管理办公室像个独裁者，不给其他人一点儿权力。
同　autocracy n. 独裁统治，独裁政体
构　auto (=self) + crat (=to govern)

automated
automated［ˌɔ:tə'meɪtɪd］
adj. 自动的〈同　mechanical, automatic〉
例　Automated banks are very convenient, especially after the bank is closed. 自助银行非常便利，尤其是在银行不营业的时候。

automatic
automatic　［ˌɔːtəˈmætɪk］
adj.（尤指机器） 自动（化） 的；（人） 无意识的，机械的〈同 automated; involuntary〉
例 The automatic door is operated by a small motor. 自动门通过一个小马达来操控。
记 auto（自己）+mat（动）+ic→自己动的→自动的

automatically
automatically［ˌɔ:tə'mætɪkli］
adv. 自动地；机械地
解　acting or operating in a manner essentially independent of external influence or control; mechanically
例　In the hotel, the water sprinklers will automatically turn on if they sense smoke in the room. 在酒店，如果洒水喷头感应到了房间里的烟，就会自动开启。
构　auto (=self) + mat (=to move) + ically

automaton
automaton［ɔ:'tɒmətən］
n. 机器人〈同 robot〉
例　In the future, many human workers may be replaced by automatons. 未来许多人类的工作可能将由机器人来替代完成。

automobile
automobile［'ɔ:təməbi:l］
n. 汽车
解　a passenger vehicle, for use on roads and streets, that carries its own engine
例　The automobile and the airplane revolutionized transportation. 汽车和飞机使交通出行发生了革命性的变化。

autonomy
autonomy［ɔ:'tɒnəmi］
n. 自治，自治权〈同 independence〉
例　The thirteen original U.S. colonies won their autonomy after the American Revolution. 在美国独立战争之后，原先的13个殖民地赢得了自治权。

autonomy
autonomy［ɔ:'tɒnəmi］
n. 独立，自治，自主
解　self-government or the right of self-government; self-determination
例　The federal government gives each state a certain extent of autonomy. 联邦政府赋予每个州一定程度的自治权。
构　auto (=self) + nom (=law) + y

auxiliary
auxiliary　［ɔːɡˈzɪljəri］
adj. 辅助的；补充的 〈同 assistant; complementary〉
例 To prepare for the emergency, they built an auxiliary power station. 为了应对紧急情况，他们建了一座备用发电站。
记 aux（=aug 提高）+iliary→有助于提高的→辅助的

available
available　［əˈveɪləbəl］
adj. ① 自由的；有空的〈同 free〉
例 Every available officer will be assigned to the investigation. 每一位有空的官员都将被派去做调查。
例 There are not many choices available to an uneducated person in today's job market. 在当今的就业市场，未接受过教育的人没有太多选择的余地。
记 a（使）+vail（利用，利益）+able（能…的）→可利用的
联 availability n. 可用性；可以利用的人或物

avalanche
avalanche［'ævəlɑ:n∫］
n. 雪崩〈同　snowslide〉
例　Almost ten mountaineers were killed by yesterday's avalanche. 将近十名登山者在昨天的雪崩中遇难。

aversion
aversion［ə'vɜ:∫ən］
n. 厌恶，憎恨〈同　opposition, dislike〉
例　Their mutual aversion was so great that they refused to speak to one another. 他们对彼此的厌恶感太强烈了，两个人都拒绝与对方说话。

avert
avert［ə'vɜ:t］
vt. 转移；避免；规避〈同 prevent〉
例　The driver averted an accident by a quick turn of the steering wheel. 驾驶员迅速地打方向盘，避免了一起交通事故。

aviation
aviation［ˌeɪvɪ'eɪʃən］
n. 航空；航空学〈同 flying, aeronautics〉
例　Bob likes planes very much. He is interested in aviation. 鲍勃很喜欢飞机。他对航空学感兴趣。

avid
avid［'ævɪd］
adj. 渴望的，热心的〈同　eager; enthusiastic〉
例　He was an avid student and read everything he could get. 他是个非常热切的学生，会读任何能找到的书。

avocation
avocation［ˌævəʊ'keɪ∫ən］
n.（个人）副业，业余爱好〈同　sideline; hobby〉
例　He abandoned his regular occupation and concentrated on his avocation. 他放弃了专职工作，转而集中精力从事自己的副业。

avoid
avoid　［əˈvɔɪd］
vt. 躲避，规避〈同 elude〉
例 You should really avoid him—he'll only try to borrow money from you. 你应该避开他——他只会向你借钱。
联 avoidable adj. 可避免的；avoidance n. 避免

aware
aware　［əˈweə(r)］
adj. 知道的，明白的；意识到的（of）〈同 conscious〉
例 The only way to gain knowledge is to be aware of everything around you. 获取知识的唯一途径，是要认识你周围的所有事物。
联 awareness n. 意识

awful
awful　［ˈɔːfʊl］
adj. 可怕的；极度的；糟糕的〈同 horrible; very bad〉
例 Monday was an awful day—everything went wrong. 周一简直糟透了——没有一件事是顺利的。

awkward
awkward　［ˈɔːkwəd］
adj. 笨拙的，不灵活的；尴尬的〈同 clumsy〉
例 Sally is very awkward at speaking to the class but quite relaxed with her own group of friends. 萨莉在全班同学面前讲话时会非常尴尬，但与她的朋友们在一起时却非常放松。
记 awk（反拧）+ward（向）→向反面拧→不灵活的
联 awkwardly adv. 局促不安地；笨拙地

axis
axis［'æksɪs］
n. 轴；轴心〈同 shaft〉
例　The earth revolves around the axis which joins the North and South Poles. 地球围绕连接北极和南极的轴旋转。

baby-sitter
baby-sitter［'beɪbɪsɪtə(r)］
n. 临时保姆，代人照顾婴儿者
例　The baby-sitter is someone who takes care of children while the parents are away for a while. 临时保姆是孩子父母暂时不在身边时，负责照看孩子的人。

bachelor
bachelor［'bætʃələ(r)］
n. ①（文或理）学士
例　Janet has a Bachelor of Engineering degree. 珍妮特有工学学士学位。
例　Before the wedding, he held a party with all his bachelor friends. 在举行婚礼之前，他和他所有的单身汉朋友办了一个派对。

backbone
backbone［'bækbəʊn］
n. ①骨干，支柱〈同　support, mainstay〉
例　This old man was the backbone of the community. People always turned to him when they had problems. 这位老人是社区的骨干。每当人们遇到问题时，都会向他求助。
例　The backbone is made up of many separate bones, called vertebrae, held together by muscles and tendons. 脊柱是由许多块单独的骨头，即所谓的椎骨组成的，通过肌肉和肌腱连接在一起。

backdrop
backdrop［'bækdrɒp］
n. 舞台背景；背景〈同　background, setting〉
例　Old China is the backdrop for this story. 旧中国是这个故事的背景。

backward
backward　［ˈbækwəd］
adj./adv. 后退的（地），相反的（地）
例 He began to count backwards：“Ten, nine, eight...”. 他开始倒数：“10，9，8……”。

bacon
bacon　［ˈbeɪkən］
n. 咸肉，熏肉
例 I tried different brands of bacon, but none is as good as the kind I grew up with. 我品尝过不同品牌的培根，但没有一种能与我小时候吃过的那种一样美味。

badge
badge［bæʤ］
n. 徽章；证章；标志
例　The Red Cross badge is a red cross on a white background. 红十字会的标志是一个在白色背景上的红色十字。

baffle
baffle［'bæfl］
vt. 使困惑；阻碍〈同 puzzle, hinder〉
例　The absence of clues baffled the police in the investigation of the murder. 线索的缺乏阻碍了警察调查这起谋杀案。

baggage
baggage［'bægɪʤ］
n. 行李〈同 luggage〉
例　How much baggage can we take on the plane? 我们能带多少行李上飞机？

balcony
balcony　［ˈbælkəni］
n. 阳台；包厢
例 The bedrooms on the second floor of the house have balconies. 房子二楼的卧室有阳台。

bald
bald［bɔ:ld］
adj. 秃头的；光秃的〈同 hairless〉
例　At twenty he was already going bald. 他20岁时就开始秃顶了。

balet
balet［'bæleɪ］
n. 芭蕾舞
解　a theatrical representation of a story performed to music by ballet dancers
例　A ballet is a beautiful, graceful dance. 芭蕾是一种美丽而优雅的舞蹈。

ballet
ballet［'bæleɪ］
n. 芭蕾舞；芭蕾舞乐曲
例　A ballet tells a story through the movements of the dancing and is accompanied by music often written specially for it. 芭蕾舞通过舞蹈动作讲述故事，并且配有通常专门为其创作的音乐。

balloon
balloon［bə'lu:n］
n. 气球 v. 像气球般鼓起，使激增
解　n. an inverted bag of very light material, which rises and floats in the air v. to become inflated
例　The room was filled with streamers and balloons for the party. 房间里到处都是为聚会而准备的彩色纸带和气球。

ballroom
ballroom［'bɔ:lrʊm］
n. 大舞厅
解　a large room used mainly for dancing
例　The dance competition was held in the main ballroom of the luxurious hotel. 这个舞蹈比赛在这座豪华酒店的大舞厅举办。

ban
ban　［bæn］
vt. 禁止；查禁〈同 prohibit〉
例 The anti-social leader was banned from attending the meeting. 反社会的领导人被禁止参加会议。

band
band　［bænd］
n. ① 乐队；队〈同 orchestra〉
例 The Beatles are probably the most famous band in the world. 甲壳虫乐队可能是世界上最有名的乐队。
例 She rolled up the papers and put an elastic band round them. 她把报纸卷起来，并在上面缠了一根橡皮筋。
联

bandage
bandage［'bændɪʤ］
n. 绷带〈同 strip of cloth〉
例　She offered to put a bandage on his arm. 她主动提出为他包扎手臂。

bankrupt
bankrupt［'bæŋkrʌpt］
adj. 破产的
例　The recession had led to many small businesses going bankrupt. 经济萧条导致许多小公司破产。
vt. 使破产
例　Foolish expenditures will bankrupt the company. 胡乱花钱会导致公司破产。

banner
banner　［ˈbænə(r)］
n. 旗帜；横幅〈同 flag〉
例 The demonstrators carried banners printed with the words “Stop the War”. 示威者们举着印有“停止战争”口号的横幅。

bar
bar　［bɑː(r)］
n. ① 酒吧〈同 pub〉
例 The bar will have a big television and will serve cheap food and drinks during the soccer game. 在足球比赛期间，这家酒吧将配备一台大电视机，并供应低价食物和酒水。
例 A bar code consists of a pattern of lines and bars that a computer can translate into information. 条形码是由线条组成的图案，计算机可将其转换成信息。
例 After passing his exams, he will be admitted to the bar. 通过考试之后，他便可以获得律师从业资格。

barb
barb［bɑ:b］
n.（鱼钩等的）倒钩；倒刺
例　The barb on the fishhook stabbed me. 鱼钩上的倒钩扎伤了我。

barber
barber［'bɑ:bə(r)］
n. 理发师〈同 haircutter〉
例　It's time you went to the barber's. 你该去理发了。

bare
bare　［bɛə(r)］
adj. ① 无遮蔽的，赤裸的，光（秃） 的〈同 naked〉
例 Don't walk on that broken glass with bare feet. 不要光着脚在那块碎玻璃上走。
例 The hiking trip up the mountain will be long, so please don't carry more than the bare necessities. 徒步爬山的旅程会很长，所以除生活必需品外，请不要带其他东西。

barefaced
barefaced［'beəfeɪst］
adj. ① 面部无遮盖物的 ② 公然自傲的；厚颜无耻的
解　① having no covering over the face ② undisguisedly bold; brazen
例　The barefaced bank robbers were daring enough to walk into the bank without masks, knowing that the video camera would capture their identities. 劫匪竟敢公然走进银行，明知监控摄像头会拍下他们，也没有戴面具。

barely
barely［'beəli］
adv. ① 仅仅〈同 just〉
例　She was barely fifteen when she won her first championship. 她拿到第一个冠军的时候才15岁。
例　I hurt my foot and can barely walk. 我的脚受伤了，几乎没法走路。

bargain
bargain　［ˈbɑːɡən］
v. 讨价还价〈同 negotiate〉
例 John bargained with the salesman over the price of the used car. 约翰为一辆二手车的价格与销售员讨价还价。
n. 廉价货；好交易〈同 good deal〉
例 The new car I bought on sale was quite a bargain. 我在打折时买的那辆新车真是划算。

barge
barge［bɑ:ʤ］
n. 驳船〈同　flatboat〉
例　Because the barge was overloaded, it started to sink. 由于驳船超载，它开始下沉了。

bark
bark　［bɑːk］
n. 树皮〈同 rind〉
例 The bark of a birch tree is black and white. 桦树的树皮是黑色和白色的。
n./vi. 狗叫；咆哮〈同 yelp〉
例 They heard a dog barking outside. 他们听到外面有狗叫。

barn
barn　［bɑːn］
n. 谷仓；畜棚
例 Pigs, chickens, sheep, and cows are kept in the barn. 牲口棚里养着猪、鸡、羊、牛。

barrel
barrel［'bærəl］
n. 桶〈同 vessel〉
例　The price of oil is usually given per barrel. 油价通常按桶计算。

barren
barren［'bærən］
adj. 贫瘠的；荒凉的〈同 infertile, desolate〉
例　The barren soil of the Rocky Mountains provides few nutrients to the grasses growing there. 落基山贫瘠的土壤几乎无法给生长在那里的草提供足够的营养。

barrier
barrier　［ˈbærɪə(r)］
n. 屏障，障碍；栅栏〈同 obstacle, hindrance〉
例 A tree fell across the road and made a barrier to traffic. 一棵树倒在路中间，造成了交通堵塞。

barter
barter［'bɑ:tə(r)］
n./v. 物品交换，易货贸易〈同　trade, exchange〉
例　I bartered for the goods in the market. 我在市场上交换货物。

base
base［beɪs］
adj. ① 卑鄙的 ② 低级的
解　① morally low or mean ② having little value when compared with something else; inferior
例　People were offended by his base jokes. 人们被他低俗的笑话激怒。
同　baseness n. 卑微

baseball
baseball　［ˈbeɪsbɔːl］
n. 棒球；棒球运动
例 Baseball is a very popular sport in America. 在美国，棒球是一项非常受欢迎的运动。

baseball
baseball［'beɪsbɔ:l］
n. 棒球
解　a game played with a bat and ball between two teams of 9 players
例　Baseball is a popular recreation for young boys who like to see how far they can hit the ball. 对于想看看自己能把球击多远的年轻人来说，棒球是一种受欢迎的消遣方式。
近　baseboard n. 护壁板；cardboard n. 硬纸板；aboveboard adj. 光明正大的

basement
basement［'beɪsmənt］
n. 地下室〈同 cellar〉
例　The toy department is in the basement of the store. 玩具部设在商场的地下楼层。

basement
basement［'beɪsmənt］
n. 地下室
解　the lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly below ground level, often used for storage
例　It is advisable to store your wine in the basement so it will not be spoiled by the heat. 把酒储藏在地下室是可取的，这样酒就不会由于受热而变质。

basic
basic［'beɪsɪk］
adj. 基础的
解　of, relating to, or forming a base; fundamental
例　The basic ingredients for success include hard work and a pinch of luck. 成功的基本要素包括努力工作和少许的幸运。

batch
batch［bætʃ］
n.（面包等）一炉，一批；（人或物）一批
例　Our second batch of bread was better than the first. 我们第二批的面包要比第一批的好。

bathe
bathe　［beɪð］
v. 沐浴，洗〈同 take a bath〉
例 We wash our hair and bathe regularly. 我们经常洗头和洗澡。

baton
baton［'bætən; (US)bə'tɒn］
n. 接力棒；指挥棒
解　a slender wooden stick or rod passed from runner to runner in a relay race or used by a conductor to direct an orchestra
例　If one of the runners in the relay race dropped the baton, the whole relay team would be disqualified. 在接力赛中，如果其中一名队员掉了接力棒，那么整个接力队将失去比赛资格。

battle
battle［'bætəl］
n. 战斗
解　a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war
例　The general told his adversary that he may have won the battle, but not the war. 将军告诉他的敌人，他可能赢了这场战役，但赢不了整个战争。
近　belittle v. 轻视；贬低；brittle adj. 易碎的；脆弱的；bristle v. 毛发竖立，气势汹汹 n. 硬毛

bay
bay　［beɪ］
n. 海湾
例 Our favorite fishing spot is in the bay. 我们最喜欢的钓鱼地点是海湾。

bead
bead［bi:d］
n. ①珠子〈同　pearl〉
例　She wore a necklace of brightly colored wooden beads. 她戴着一条颜色鲜艳的木珠项链。
例　Beads of sweat fell from the tennis player's face. 网球运动员的脸上滴下了汗珠。

beak
beak［bi:k］
n. 鸟嘴，喙〈同　nib〉
例　Hunting birds usually have sharp beaks. 猎食鸟类通常都有锐利的喙。

beam
beam　［biːm］
n. ① 大梁〈同 rafter〉
例 One of the Olympic sports for gymnastics is to balance on two beams. 奥运会体操比赛有一个项目是要在双杠上保持平衡。
例 We could just pick out the path in the weak beam of the torch. 我们只能在火把微弱的光亮下辨认路线。

bear
bear　［bɜə(r)］
vt. ① 负担，支撑〈同 support〉
例 The camels bear their cargo across the desert without complaint. 骆驼任劳任怨地驮着货物穿越沙漠。
例 The coins bear the date and the queen's head on them. 硬币上带有日期和女王的头像。
例
联 unbearable adj. 无法忍受的，承受不住的

beater
beater［'bi:tə(r)］
n. 搅拌器
解　device or utensil for beating eggs, cream, etc.
例　She used a beater to mix ingredients when making baked goods. 在制作烘焙食品时，她使用搅拌机把各种材料混合在一起。

bedrock
bedrock［'bedrɒk］
n. 基础；基岩〈同　basis; foundation〉
例　The house by the beach was built on bedrock. 海边的房子建在基岩上。

behalf
behalf　［bɪˈhɑːf］
n. 代表，作为…的代表（on ~ of）〈同 represent〉
例 The actor's agent accepted the award on behalf of him. 那位演员的经纪人代他领了奖。

behave
behave　［bɪˈheɪv］
vi. 举止端正，表现良好；运转〈同 perform〉
例 The computer behaved without any problems for two months and then one day it suddenly didn't work. 这台电脑连续两个月运转都很正常，但有一天却突然出现了故障。
联 behavior n. 举止，行为

belabor
belabor［bɪ'leɪbə(r)］
v. ① （过分冗长地）做或说 ② 痛打
解　① to set upon with too much talk, advice, etc. ② to beat vigorously; thrash
例　The rider belabored the tired horse with a stick. 骑手用棍子痛打那匹疲惫的马。

belie
belie［bɪ'laɪ］
vt. 给人错觉；掩饰〈同　misrepresent; disguise〉
例　His coarse, hard-bitten exterior belied his innate sensitivity. 他粗俗、顽强的外表，掩饰了他与生俱来的敏感。

bellicose
bellicose［'belɪkəʊs］
adj. 好战的；好斗的
解　having or showing a ready disposition to fight
例　The bellicose warrior always wanted to pick a fight with someone. 这个好斗的勇士总是喜欢寻衅打架。

belligerent
belligerent［bɪ'lɪʤərənt］
adj. 好战的；寻衅的；（国家等）交战的
解　characteristic of an enemy or one eager to fight; warlike
例　The man became belligerent when he drank too much beer. 这个男人喝多了啤酒之后就变得爱寻衅滋事。
同　belligerence n. 好战，好斗

bellows
bellows［'beləʊz］
n. 风箱
例　When the fire was dying down, Ralph pumped the bellows to keep it alive. 火快要熄灭的时候，拉尔夫拉动风箱，让火旺起来。

beloved
beloved　［bɪˈlʌvd］
adj. 心爱的
例 The rich man left each of his beloved grandchildren a large inheritance. 那个有钱人给他每个心爱的孙子都留下了一大笔遗产。

beneath
beneath［bɪ'ni:θ］
prep./adv. 在…之下〈同 below〉
例　The submarine disappeared beneath the waves. 潜水艇消失在浪涛之下。

benediction
benediction［ˌbenɪ'dɪkʃən］
n. 祝福；祈祷
解　the act of praying for divine protection, saying a blessing
例　The priest gave him a benediction for his good deeds. 牧师因他所做的善事而为他祈祷。
构　bene (=good) + dict (=to say) + ion

benediction
benediction［ˌbenɪ'dɪkʃən］
n. 祝福；祈祷
解　blessing; the asking of God's blessing at the end of a religious service
例　The bride and groom received a benediction from the priest. 新郎和新娘收到了神父的祝福。

benefactor
benefactor［'benɪfæktə(r)］
n. 行善者，捐助人
解　a person who helps people or institutions
例　Pip's benefactor paid for his education and helped him find a job. 皮普的捐助人为他支付了教育费用，并且帮他找到了一份工作。
构　bene (=good) + fact (=to do, to make) + or

beneficent
beneficent［bɪ'nefɪsənt］
adj. 慈善的，仁慈的
解　doing or producing good
例　The beneficent donation helped many children learn how to read and write. 慈善捐助帮助许多孩子学会了读书和写字。
同　beneficence n. 行善，慈善

beneficial
beneficial　［ˌbenɪˈfɪʃəl］
adj. 有益的，有利的〈同 advantageous〉
例 It would be beneficial for you to take a break and drink a cup of coffee, and you will be refreshed. 休息一下，喝杯咖啡，对你会很有好处，可以让你精神焕发。
记 bene（善，好）+fic（做）+ial（有…的）→做好事的→有益的

beneficial
beneficial［ˌbenɪ'fɪʃəl］
adj. 有益的；有用的
解　favorable; helpful
例　Daily exercise is beneficial to your health. 每天锻炼对身体有益。
构　bene (=good) + fic (=to make, to do) + ial

benefit
benefit　［ˈbenɪfɪt］
n. 利益，好处
例 A good education is an enormous benefit. 接受良好教育的好处是巨大的。
vt. 有益于 vi. 受益〈同 be useful for〉
例 Use of solar power will benefit all mankind. 使用太阳能将有益于全人类。
联 beneficent adj. 仁慈的，善行的；beneficiary n. 受惠者，受益人

benevolent
benevolent［bɪ'nevələnt］
adj. 善意的，好意的
解　intending or showing kindness
例　The benevolent man gave his money and volunteered his time to help the poor and sick. 这位乐善好施的男士自愿捐钱并花时间来帮助那些穷人和病人。
同　benevolence n. 善行；善心，仁心
构　bene (=good) + vol (=will) + ent

benign
benign［bɪ'naɪn］
adj.（病）良性的；（人）亲切和蔼的〈同　innocuous; kind〉
例　The patient's tumor was benign and was safely removed. 患者的肿瘤是良性的，被安全切除了。

bequest
bequest［bɪ'kwest］
n. 遗产；遗赠〈同　inheritance; endowment〉
例　The boy received a bequest of $2,000 from his grandfather. 那个男孩从爷爷那里继承了2,000美元的遗产。

besiege
besiege［bɪ'si:ʤ］
vt. 围攻；困扰〈同　surround; harass〉
例　The actress was besieged by media persons. 那位女演员被媒体记者团团围住。

bestow
bestow［bɪ'stəʊ］
vt. 给予，赐赠（祝福、奖励、荣誉等）〈同　endow, confer〉
例　The townspeople wished to bestow great honor upon the local hero. 市民们希望授予本地英雄无上的荣誉。

bet
bet　［bet］
n./v. 赌，打赌
例 Mark bet all his money on a card game and lost. 马克把所有钱都用在纸牌游戏的赌博上，结果输了个精光。

betray
betray［bɪ'treɪ］
vt. ① 背叛〈同 be disloyal to〉
例　Mary betrayed Bill by having a love affair. 玛丽背叛了比尔，和别人谈恋爱了。
例　Although she is nervous on stage, her actions do not betray her feelings. 虽然她在舞台上很紧张，但是并没有在肢体动作中表现出来。

beverage
beverage［'bevərɪʤ］
n.（除水之外的）饮料〈同　drink, refreshment〉
例　Tom and Jerry will bring the dessert to the dinner party and we will bring the beverages. 汤姆和杰里将带甜点参加宴会，我们将带酒水。

bewilder
bewilder［bɪ'wɪldə(r)］
vt. 使迷惑，使不知所措〈同 confuse〉
例　The police are bewildered by the mystery of the murder. 这起神秘的凶杀案让警察感到很困惑。

bias
bias［'baɪəs］
n. 偏见；偏好〈同 prejudice, preference〉
例　A committee has been established to address the problem of racial and sexual bias within the industry. 已成立了一个委员会以解决行业内的种族和性别歧视问题。

bibliography
bibliography［ˌbɪblɪ'ɒgrəfi］
n.（有关某一专题或某一作者的）书目，参考书目
例　How many books were listed in this bibliography? 这个参考书目里列了多少本书？

bid
bid　［bɪd］
n./v. 出价；投标；企图，试图
例 I made a small bid on the antique dresser. 我为那个古董梳妆台出了很低的价格。
例 We bid to sell at $10 per pound. 我们试图按每磅10美元销售。

bifurcate
bifurcate［'baɪfɜ:keɪt］
v. 分为两支；分叉
解　to divide into two branches
例　The townspeople were bifurcated over whether or not to build a factory in the community. 小镇居民在是否在社区建造工厂这一问题上分为两派。
构　bi (=two) + furc (=fork) + ate

bilateral
bilateral［ˌbaɪ'lætərəl］
adj. 两边的；双边的〈同　two-sided; mutual〉
例　The two nations signed a bilateral treaty. 两国签署了双边协议。

bilingual
bilingual［baɪ'lɪŋɡwəl］
adj. 双语的 （能说两种语言的）
解　using or knowing two languages
例　Since his parents spoke English and Chinese, he grew up in a bilingual environment. 因为他的父母既说英语，又说中文，他从小在双语的环境中长大。
同　linguist n. 语言学家；linguistics n. 语言学

bind
bind　［baɪnd］
v. ① 绑〈同 tie〉
例 Bind the newspapers in a stack so we can carry them out. 把报纸捆成一捆，这样方便我们把它们带出去。
例 The contract binds me to our agreement. 合同约束我遵守我们的协议。

biography
biography［baɪ'ɒgrəfi］
n. 传记
例　The reading of a biography gives a knowledge of people and events that cannot always be obtained from history books. 阅读传记能让人获得关于人物和事件的知识，而这些知识通常在历史书上是学不到的。

biology
biology［baɪ'ɒləʤi］
n. 生物学
解　the scientific study of plant and animal life, including its origin, structure, activities, and distribution.
例　Botany, zoology, and ecology are branches of biology. 植物学、动物学和生态学都是生物学的分支。

biped
biped［'baɪped］
n. 两足动物
解　an animal with two feet
例　Humans are among the few species of bipeds on the planet. 人类是地球上少数的两足物种之一。

bite
bite　［baɪt］
n. 咬；一口
例 The baby shoved a huge bite of apple into his mouth. 那个婴儿把很大一口苹果塞到嘴里。
v. 咬
例 Our dog bites, so be careful. 我们的狗会咬人，所以要小心点。

bitter
bitter　［ˈbɪtə(r)］
adj. ① 苦（味的）
例 Your coffee is bitter because you forgot to put sugar in it. 你的咖啡太苦了，因为你忘记加糖了。
例 The weather in northern China during the winter is bitter cold. 中国北部冬天的天气异常寒冷。
联 bitterness n. 苦味；辛酸，苦难

bizarre
bizarre［bɪ'zɑ:(r)］
adj.（指态度、容貌、款式等）奇异的，古怪的〈同 odd, fantastic〉
例　The frost made bizarre figures on the windowpanes. 霜冻在窗户玻璃上形成了奇异的图案。

blame
blame　［bleɪm］
vt. 谴责，责备〈同 condemn〉
例 Janet could not blame anyone but herself when she was deserted by her boyfriend. 珍妮特被男朋友甩了，这谁也不能怪，只能怪她自己。
n.（过错、过失的） 责任；责备〈同 responsibility; condemnation〉
例 Who took the blame for the failure of the project? 应该由谁承担项目失败的责任？

bland
bland［blænd］
adj. 淡味的；无味的〈同　mild; flavorless〉
例　I find chicken a little bland unless it's cooked in a really spicy sauce. 我发现鸡肉的味道有一些清淡，除非用非常辣的辣酱烹饪才比较好。

blank
blank　［blæŋk］
n./adj. 空白（的），无痕迹（的）
例 Please sign your name in the blank at the bottom of the page. 请在这一页底部的空白处签上您的名字。
记 blanc“白色”的变体

blast
blast　［blɑːst］
vt. 爆破〈同 explode〉
例 The rocket blasted the plane into pieces. 火箭把飞机炸成了碎片。
n. 一阵（风、气流或噪音）〈同 gust〉
例 A blast of cold air hit him as he opened the window. 他一打开窗户，便有一股冷空气扑面而来。
联 blast furnace 鼓风炉

blaze
blaze［bleɪz］
vi. 燃烧，照耀〈同 burn brightly〉
例　A fire was blazing in the fireplace. 壁炉中的火正在燃烧。
n. 火焰，光辉〈同 flame〉
例　We could see the blaze of the campfire across the beach. 我们在海滩这边能看见那边篝火的火焰。

blazing
blazing［'bleɪzɪŋ］
adj. 燃烧的；闪耀的〈同 burning, bright〉
例　I had to leave the blazing heat of the midday sun. 我不得不躲避正午烈日的炙烤。

bleach
bleach［bli:tʃ］
vt. 去色，漂白〈同　whiten〉
例　Gary had his hair bleached again. 加里又把头发漂染成浅色了。

bleak
bleak［bli:k］
adj. 荒凉的；凄凉的；寒冷的，阴冷的〈同 desolate, barren〉
例　The rocky peaks of high mountains are bleak. 高山顶上覆盖着岩石，一片荒凉。

bleed
bleed　［bliːd］
v. 出血，流血
例 He'd been wounded in the arm and was bleeding heavily. 他的手臂受了伤，流了很多血。

blend
blend　［blend］
vt. 混合，掺混〈同 combine〉
例 Lisa decided to make a cake and blended the flour, water and sugar together. 莉萨决定做一个蛋糕，于是她把面粉、水和糖混合在一起。
n. 混合（物）〈同 mixture〉
例 This tea is a blend of lemon and herbs. 这种茶混合了柠檬和香草。
联 blender n. 掺和器，搅拌机

bless
bless［bles］
vt. 祝福，保佑；赐予，给予
例　My parents were blessed with good health. 我的父母有幸拥有健康的身体。

blink
blink［blɪŋk］
v. 眨眼〈同　wink〉
例　You've got something in your eyes—try blinking your eyes a few times. 你的眼睛里有东西——试试眨几下眼睛。

blizzard
blizzard［'blɪzəd］
n. 暴风雪〈同　snowstorm〉
例　The visibility is near zero, so all planes will be grounded until the blizzard is over. 能见度几乎为零，所以在暴风雪结束之前，所有飞机都将停飞。

block
block　［blɒk］
n. ① 一块（木头或石头等）〈同 chunk〉
例 The sculptor turned the block of stone into a beautiful woman. 雕刻家将那块石头变成了一位美丽的女人。
例 I went for a walk around the block. 我在这个街区附近散步。
vt. 阻碍，阻止〈同 hinder〉
例 A fallen tree is blocking the road. 一棵倒了的树挡住了道路。

blonde
blonde　［blɒnd］
n. 金发碧眼的女人
例 Bill's sisters are all blondes. 比尔的姐姐们都是金发碧眼。

bloom
bloom　［bluːm］
vi. 开花〈同 flower〉
例 Most trees bloom in spring. 大部分树木都在春天开花。
n. 花〈同 flower〉
例 What beautiful blooms! 多么漂亮的花啊！

blossom
blossom［'blɒsəm］
n./vi.（开）花〈同 bloom〉
例　The apple tree is covered in blossoms. 那棵苹果树开满了花。

blueprint
blueprint［'blu:prɪnt］
n. 蓝图
解　photographic print of plans or technical drawings, etc.
例　The architect presented her blueprints for the proposed museum to the executive board. 这位建筑师把她所制的关于这座计划建造的博物馆的蓝图提交给了执行委员会。

blues
blues［blu:z］
n. 抑郁，沮丧；忧郁布鲁斯歌曲（蓝调音乐）〈同　gloom, depression〉
例　Billie Holiday's reputation as a great jazz-blues singer rests on her ability to give emotional depth to her songs. 比利·哈乐黛之所以被公认为是一个伟大的蓝调爵士乐歌手，是因为她能够让她的歌声充满深情。

bluff
bluff［blʌf］
n. 陡峭的悬崖，绝壁〈同　cliff, precipice〉
例　You could see the waves crashing against the rocks when you looked down from the bluff. 从断崖上往下看，你能看到海浪拍打着岩石。

blunder
blunder［'blʌndə(r)］
vt. 跌跌撞撞地走；（犯）大错，做错〈同 stumble〉
例　The exhausted boy blundered through the woods in the dark night. 这个筋疲力尽的男孩在夜晚的森林中跌跌撞撞地行走。
n. 大错〈同 stupid mistake〉
例　Misspelling the title of a book is a silly blunder to make. 把书名拼写错是一个很愚蠢的错误。

blunt
blunt［blʌnt］
adj. ① 直言不讳的〈同 outspoken, candid〉
例　In the army, he was famous for his rough edges and blunt speech. 在军队里，他以不修边幅、说话直率而闻名。
例　This knife is too blunt to cut vegetables; could you sharpen it? 这把刀太钝了，没法切菜。你能把它磨得锋利一点吗？

blush
blush［blʌʃ］
vi. 脸红，羞愧〈同 flush〉
例　She always blushes when she is embarrassed. 她在感到尴尬的时候通常会脸红。

boast
boast　［bəʊst］
n./v. 自夸；有，包含〈同 brag; have〉
例 She boasted about how she had written a novel when she was only 15. 她吹嘘说，自己在15岁的时候就写过一本小说。
联 boastful adj. 吹嘘的，自负的

bodyguard
bodyguard［'bɒdiɡɑ:d］
n. 保镖，侍卫
解　someone who escorts and protects a prominent person
例　The actress' bodyguard was tall, dark and handsome. 这位女演员的保镖皮肤黝黑，又高又帅。
近　guard n. 哨兵 v. 保卫，保护；guarded adj. 谨慎的，提防的；guardian n. 护卫者；监护人；safeguard n. 防卫措施，防范措施

bold
bold　［bəʊld］
adj. ① 勇敢的〈同 brave〉
例 She was a bold and fearless mountain climber. 她是一位勇敢无畏的登山者。
例 Cutting in front of the people waiting in line was a bold action. 排队时加塞是一种厚颜无耻的行为。

bolster
bolster［'bəʊlstə(r)］
n. 垫子，垫枕，靠垫
例　He preferred to sleep with bolsters than big fluffy pillows. 他更喜欢枕着靠垫睡觉，而不喜欢枕着又大又松软的枕头。
vt. 支持；增加〈同　support, strengthen〉
例　Good knowledge bolsters one's confidence. 知识渊博能增强人的自信心。

bolt
bolt　［bəʊlt］
n. 闪电
例 A bolt of lightning lit up the sky. 一道闪电照亮了天空。

bonanza
bonanza［bə'nænzə］
n. 富矿带；幸运，带来好运之事
例　The gold rush created a bonanza that drew many settlers to western areas of the United States, like San Francisco. 淘金热带来的好运，吸引了许多人去美国西部地区定居，例如旧金山。

bond
bond　［bɒnd］
n. ① 联结，联系；粘连〈同 link, tie〉
例 There has been a close bond between them ever since she saved him from drowning. 她在他快要溺水时救过他一命，从那之后，他们便一直保持着密切的联系。
例 The company is now selling bonds in an effort to borrow money. 为了筹集资金，这家公司正在发行债券。

boom
boom　［buːm］
n. 繁荣〈同 bonanza〉
例 This year has seen a boom in book sales. 今年是图书销售繁荣的一年。
vi. 急速发展〈同 prosper〉
例 The industry was booming at one time and then it suddenly crashed. 该行业曾兴盛一时，后来突然开始衰退。
联 baby boom 生育高峰

boon
boon［bu:n］
n. 恩惠，恩赐〈同　blessing, benefit〉
例　The scholarship is a tremendous boon to her. 这笔奖学金对她而言是一个巨大的恩惠。

boost
boost　［buːst］
vt. 增加，提高〈同 raise〉
例 Share prices were boosted by reports of the president's recovery. 总裁康复的消息推动了股价上涨。

border
border　［ˈbɔːdə(r)］
n. 边缘；边界；（通常作装饰用的） 边〈同 edge〉
例 The wallpaper had a dark border at the top. 壁纸顶部有一条深色的装饰边。
v. 接壤〈同 adjoin〉
例 The shrubs border our yard on the east side. 我们院子的东边紧挨着灌木丛。

bore
bore　［bɔː(r)］
v. 钻孔〈同 drill〉
例 The carpenter bored a hole in the tabletop. 木匠在桌面上钻了一个洞。
vt. 令人厌烦
例 That girl's voice would bore anyone. 那个女孩的声音让所有人厌烦。
联 boredom n. 厌烦；boring adj. 令人厌烦的

boring
boring［'bɔ:rɪŋ］
adj. 令人厌烦的〈同　tiresome, tedious, unexciting〉
例　It is boring to listen to a speech in a language you don't know. 听一场用你不懂的语言进行的演讲真是无聊。

bother
bother　［ˈbɒðə(r)］
vt. 烦扰，打扰〈同 annoy〉
例 Don't bother your dad. He's sleeping. 别打扰你爸爸。他在睡觉呢。

boulder
boulder［'bəʊldə(r)］
n. 巨石〈同　rock, fieldstone〉
例　In 1952, severe floods carried 2,000 tons of boulders down to the Devon town of Lynmouth, killing 38 people. 1952年，严重的洪灾把2,000吨岩石冲进了林茅斯的德文郡，造成38人丧生。

bounce
bounce　［baʊns］
vi. 跳起，弹回〈同 rebound〉
例 The basketball bounced off the backboard and into the net. 篮球弹在篮板上，然后落入篮筐中。

bound
bound　［baʊnd］
adj. 被束缚的；有义务的〈同 tied〉
例 I feel bound by my promise. 我感觉被自己的承诺所束缚。

boundary
boundary　［ˈbaʊndəri］
n. 分界线，边界〈同 border〉
例 The Ural mountains marked the boundary between Europe and Asia. 乌拉尔山脉成为欧洲与亚洲的分界线。
联 boundless adj. 无限的，无边无际的

bouquet
bouquet［bu:'keɪ］
n. 花束〈同　bunch〉
例　The flower shop sells many bouquets on Valentine's Day. 花店在情人节能卖出许多束花。

boycott
boycott［'bɔɪkɒt］
n./vt. 联合抵制；拒绝交往或购买〈同 shun〉
例　The group has threatened to boycott the election because it believes it will not be democratic. 该小组威胁要抵制选举，因他们认为这次选举会不民主。

brace
brace［breɪs］
vt. 支撑〈同 support〉
例　We braced the roof with four poles. 我们用四根柱子来支撑屋顶。
n. 支柱；【医】矫形支架
例　I had to wear braces for my crooked teeth when I was a teenager. 我在十几岁的时候，必须戴矫形牙套来矫正长歪的牙齿。

bracket
bracket［'brækɪt］
n. 托架
例　A bracket is fastened to a wall and used to support something such as a shelf. 支架被固定在墙上，用来支撑架子等物品。
vt. 用托架来固定
例　She bracketed the shelves to make them stronger. 她用托架固定架子，使其更牢固。

braid
braid［breɪd］
vt. 编织〈同　weave, knot〉
例　He braided string to make rope. 他把线编织起来做成绳子。

brake
brake［breɪk］
n. 刹车闸
例　A brake is anything used to slow or stop the motion of a wheel or vehicle by pressing or by rubbing against the wheel. 刹车闸是通过挤压或摩擦车轮而使车辆减速或者停止的装置。
v.（使）刹车〈同 stop〉
例　The bus braked to avoid hitting the pedestrian. 公交车刹车以避免撞到行人。

brawl
brawl［brɔ:l］
n. 争吵〈同　fight, quarrel〉
例　The brawl got louder and louder until the police arrived. 争吵的声音越来越大，直到警察赶来。

breach
breach［bri:tʃ］
vt. 造成缺口，打破，突破〈同　break〉
例　The invading army breached the walls of the castle and entered. 入侵的军队攻破了城堡的围墙，然后长驱而入。
n. 违背，破坏〈同　violation〉
例　For me to leave now would be a breach of duty. 我如果现在离开，就属于失职。

breakdown
breakdown［'breɪkdaʊn］
n. ① 失败；（机械的）故障〈同 failure〉
例　I had a breakdown in the middle of the trip. 在旅途中，我（的车）出故障了。
例　Fungi obtain their supplies either from the breakdown of dead organic matter or from other living organisms. 细菌既可以从死亡生物体的分解中获得养分，也可以从生物活体获得养分。

breakup
breakup［'breɪkʌp］
n. 分裂，分离〈同　separation, disintegration〉
例　Mary and her best friend had a breakup of their relationship. 玛丽和她最好的朋友关系破裂了。

breathe
breathe［bri:ð］
v. 呼吸，呼出〈同 respire〉
例　I like to breathe deeply of the fresh spring air. 我喜欢深吸春天的新鲜空气。

breathtaking
breathtaking［'breθteɪkɪŋ］
adj. 令人激动的〈同　stunning, awesome〉
例　The Statue of Liberty was a breathtaking view for many immigrants who arrived to America through New York. 对于许多经由纽约来到美国的移民来说，自由女神像是令人激动的景观。

breed
breed　［briːd］
vt. 养育，繁殖〈同 raise〉
例 His main income comes from breeding cattle. 他的主要收入来源于养牛。
n. 品种〈同 species〉
例 This is a particular breed of sheep. 这种羊是非常特别的品种。

breeze
breeze　［briːz］
n. 微风〈同 light wind〉
例 A gentle breeze is swaying the weeping willows. 柔和的微风吹拂着垂柳。

brevity
brevity［'brevəti］
n. 简短，简洁
解　shortness or conciseness of expression
例　The students appreciated the brevity of their principal's speech. 校长的演讲简短有力，学生们非常欣赏。

bribe
bribe［braɪb］
n. 贿赂
例　The driver who caused the accident offered the police officer a bribe to let her go. 那起交通事故的肇事司机贿赂警察，好让警察放她走。
vt. 贿赂，向…行贿
例　A gambler bribed one of the boxers to lose the fight. 一个赌徒收买了其中的一个拳击手，让他输掉比赛。

brief
brief［bri:f］
n. 诉讼摘要；简报 adj. 简短的
解　n. a short statement; summary adj. lasting only a short time; using few words
例　The lawyer prepared a brief of the facts and the points of law in the case. 律师准备了这个案件的事实摘要和法律要点。

brighten
brighten［'braɪtən］
v. 点亮〈同　lighten〉
例　The sky brightened after the storm. 暴风雨过后，天亮了起来。
vt. 使愉快；使乐观〈同　cheer〉
例　The flowers in the window really brighten my spirits. 橱窗里的花确实让我精神愉悦。

brilliant
brilliant　［ˈbrɪljənt］
adj. 辉煌的，灿烂的；有才气的〈同 bright; intelligent〉
例 The brilliant student was accepted by numerous universities. 那位有才华的学生被多所大学录取。
记 brilli（发光）+ant→发光的→辉煌的，灿烂的
联 brilliance n.（人） 聪明；（物体） 辉煌

brim
brim［brɪm］
n. 边；边缘〈同 edge〉
例　Please do not fill my cup to the brim because I always put a lot of cream in my coffee. 请别把我的杯子倒满，因为我总会往咖啡里放很多奶油。

briny
briny［'braɪni］
adj. 盐水的，咸的〈同　saline, salty〉
例　Pyramid Lake is one of the last briny remnants. 金字塔湖是仅存的咸水湖之一。

brisk
brisk［brɪsk］
adj. 活泼的，轻快的〈同 energetic〉
例　Grandmother likes to take a brisk walk every morning to exercise. 祖母喜欢每天早上散会儿步，锻炼锻炼身体。

brittle
brittle［'brɪtəl］
adj. 易碎的〈同 breakable, fragile〉
例　The pond was covered with a brittle layer of ice. 池塘表面覆盖着一层薄薄的冰。

broaden
broaden　［ˈbrɔːdən］
v. 放宽，变宽，扩大〈同 enlarge〉
例 Education will broaden your opportunities to find a good job. 教育将拓宽你找到一份好工作的机会。

brochure
brochure［'brəʊʃə(r); (US)brəʊ'ʃʊər］
n. 小册子〈同 short pamphlet〉
例　The brochure included a price list for cottage rentals. 手册包含小别墅租金价格表。

bronze
bronze［brɒnz］
n. 青铜；铜像
例　The church bell is made of bronze. 教堂的钟是由青铜铸成的。

brood
brood［bru:d］
n. 一窝；（一个家庭的）所有孩子
例　That mother and father have a brood of twelve children. 那对父母养育了12个孩子。
vt. 孵化
例　Hens and other birds brood till the young are hatched. 母鸡和其他鸟类会一直孵自己生的蛋，直到幼雏被孵化出来。

brook
brook［brʊk］
n. 小河〈同　creek〉
例　The brook brought fresh clean water from the mountain. 小溪带来了山间的清泉。

broom
broom［bru:m］
n. 扫帚
例　A broom is a brush with a long handle for sweeping. 扫帚是一种有着长把、用来扫地的、像刷子一样的工具。

bruise
bruise［bru:z］
n. 淤伤，擦伤〈同 abrasion〉
例　The bruise on my arm turned black and blue. 我胳膊上的擦伤变得青一块紫一块的。
v. 打伤；撞伤〈同 injure〉
例　Rough handling bruised the apples before they reached the market. 苹果还没送到市场，就被野蛮装卸碰伤了。

brutal
brutal［'bru:təl］
adj. 野蛮的，残忍的〈同 cruel〉
例　The brutal coach persisted in asking the team to run all afternoon under the hot sun. 这个残忍的教练坚持让队员们在烈日下跑了一下午。

bubble
bubble　［ˈbʌbəl］
n. 气泡，水泡〈同 foam〉
例 The soap made bubbles in the water. 香皂让水中产生了气泡。

buckle
buckle［'bʌkəl］
n. 皮带扣〈同　fastener〉
例　After losing weight, I could tighten my belt buckle. 减肥之后，我可以系紧皮带扣了。
v. 扣紧；（使）变弯曲〈同　fasten; distort〉
例　The powerful explosion buckled the front of the bus. 猛烈的爆炸让公交车的车头弯曲变形了。

bud
bud［bʌd］
n. 芽，蓓蕾〈同 shoot〉
例　The trees all round were covered in buds. 周围的树都发芽了。
vi. 发芽〈同 sprout〉
例　Most of the trees and flowers bud in the spring. 大多数的树和花在春天发芽。

budget
budget　［ˈbʌʤɪt］
n. 预算〈同 estimate〉
例 As a student, Phil did not work and so he made a budget of how much he could spend every week. 作为一名学生，菲尔并不工作，所以他制订了每周的开支预算。

buffer
buffer［'bʌfə(r)］
n. 缓冲器；缓冲者；缓冲物
例　He acted as a buffer between the quarreling children. 他调解了两个孩子的争吵。

bulk
bulk　［bʌlk］
n. ① 大批；大部分〈同 majority〉
例 Airmail has begun to constitute the bulk of United States mail. 美国的大部分邮件都开始采用航空邮件的形式。
例 An elephant has great bulk. 大象体型庞大。
联 bulky adj. 庞大的；笨重的

bulletin
bulletin［'bʊlətɪn］
n. 公告，报告〈同 announcement〉
例　Sports bulletins and weather bulletins are published in most newspapers. 大部分报纸都刊登体育新闻快报和天气快报。

bump
bump　［bʌmp］
n. 肿块；突起〈同 lump〉
例 When the little boy fell down, he got a bump on his head. 那个小男孩摔倒了，头上起了一个包。

bunch
bunch　［bʌntʃ］
n. 串，束；群〈同 cluster〉
例 I bought a bunch of flowers in the market. 我在市场上买了一束花。
vi. 捆成一束；聚集〈同 pack〉
例 Many people bunched around the ticket office to buy tickets to the famous pop singer's concert. 许多人围在售票处，想购买那位著名流行歌手的演唱会门票。

bundle
bundle　［ˈbʌndəl］
n. 捆，束，包〈同 packet〉
例 The robber stole a bundle of money from the bank before running away. 那个窃贼从银行偷了一捆钱，然后逃跑了。

burden
burden［'bɜ:dn］
n. 担子，货物；负担〈同 load〉
例　The camel collapsed under its heavy burden. 骆驼被身上沉重的货物压垮了。

bureaucracy
bureaucracy［bjʊə'rɒkrəsi］
n. 官僚，官僚作风
例　I had to deal with the university's bureaucracy before I could change from one course to another. 要想调课，我必须先和学校的官僚体制打好交道。

bureaucracy
bureaucracy［bjʊə'rɒkrəsi］
n. 官僚，官僚政治
解　governmental officialism or inflexible routine
例　Many people fear that the constant introduction of federal agencies will create a government of bureaucracy. 许多人担心长期采用联邦政府机制会形成官僚政府。
构　bureau (=desk; office) + cracy (=power; to rule)

burgeon
burgeon［'bɜ:ʤən］
vi. 迅速成长，发展〈同　thrive〉
例　The Internet boom saw many companies' businesses burgeoning. 互联网的繁荣让许多公司的业务迅速增长。

burning
burning［'bɜ:nɪŋ］
n./adj. 燃烧（的）〈同　flaming〉
例　She forgot to turn off the oven when she left the house and when she came back found a burning kitchen. 她出门的时候忘记关炉子了，结果当她回到家之后，发现厨房着火了。
adj. 强烈的〈同　intense; passionate, ardent〉
例　He had a burning need for a refreshing shower after walking a long way on this hot day. 他在这么热的天走了很远的路，所以迫切需要冲个澡，好让自己清爽起来。

burrow
burrow［'bʌrəʊ］
n. 洞穴〈同　den〉
例　Rabbits live in burrows. 兔子住在洞穴里。
v. 挖（地洞）〈同　dig〉
例　Some animals burrow with their paws. 有些动物用爪子挖洞。

bust
bust［bʌst］
n. 半身像，半身雕像
例　There was a bust of Mao Zedong on his desk. 他桌子上有一尊毛泽东的半身雕像。

busybody
busybody［'bɪzɪbɒdi］
n. 爱管闲事的人，好事的人
解　a person who meddles in the affairs of others
例　She was a busybody at work, always having something to do. 她在工作上是个爱管闲事的人，总是有事情要做。

butcher
butcher　［ˈbʊtʃə(r)］
n. 屠夫；刽子手
例 The butcher plans to slaughter the pig today. 屠夫计划今天杀了那头猪。

butter
butter［'bʌtə(r)］
n. 奶油
例　Bread and butter were served at dinner. 晚餐有面包和黄油。

buzz
buzz［bʌz］
n. 嗡嗡声
例　The buzz of the bee around me was annoying. 蜜蜂在我身边嗡嗡地叫，让我很烦。

byline
byline［'baɪlaɪn］
n. 文章作者署名行（即报刊等的文章开头或结尾列出作者名字的一行）
解　a line giving the name of the writer of a story or article
例　The name of the reporter in the newspaper article's byline was misspelled. 这篇报纸文章署名行里的记者姓名被拼错了。

bypass
bypass［'baɪpɑ:s; (US)'baɪpæs］
vt. 迂回，绕过〈同 avoid〉
例　We were in a hurry so we decided to bypass the shopping mall because we knew there'd be a lot of traffic. 为了赶时间，我们决定绕开那个购物中心，因为我们知道那儿的路会很堵。

bypass
bypass［'baɪpɑ:s; (US)'baɪpæs］
v. 规避，绕过 n. 旁路
解　v. to avoid sth. unpleasant or laborious n. a highway that passes around or to one side of an obstructed or congested area
例　The company that bypassed paying taxes was sued for millions by the IRS. 这家逃税的公司被美国国税局起诉，并索赔数百万美元。

by-product
by-product［'baɪˌprɒdʌkt］
n. 副产品〈同 derivative〉
例　Buttermilk is a by-product of making butter. 酪乳是制作黄油时产生的副产品。

cab
cab［kæb］
n. 出租马车、汽车〈同　taxi〉
例　The cab driver drove very fast and we feared we were going to crash. 出租车司机开得非常快，我们都担心会撞车。

cabin
cabin［'kæbɪn］
n. 小屋；船舱〈同 cottage〉
例　She went to her mountain cabin for the weekend. 她去她的山中小屋过周末。

cabinet
cabinet　［ˈkæbɪnət］
n. ①（有抽屉或格子的）橱柜
例 The pots and pans are in the cabinet. 锅碗瓢盆都在橱柜里。
例 The President consulted his cabinet on the issue. 总统就这个问题向内阁征求意见。

cacophony
cacophony［kæ'kɒfəni］
n. 刺耳的音调，响亮而不和谐的声音
解　a disagreeable harsh sound
例　Some people seem to enjoy the cacophony of an orchestra that is tuning up. 许多人似乎很喜欢调过音后的管弦乐的音调。
同　cacophonous adj. （声音）刺耳的
构　caco (=bad) + phon (=sound) + y

cadence
cadence［'keɪdəns］
n.（说话时语调的）抑扬顿挫；韵律〈同　beat〉
例　The cadence of a sentence is the rise and fall in intensity of sounds. 句子的韵律就是声音强度的升降。

calcification
calcification［ˌkælsɪfɪ'keɪʃən］
n. 石化，僵化
解　an inflexible, unchanging state
例　Calcification of his ligament caused a bone spur. 他的韧带钙化形成了骨刺。

calcium
calcium［'kælsɪəm］
n. 钙
解　a soft, silvery-white metallic element
例　Milk is a good source of calcium for growing boys and girls. 牛奶富含钙质，对身体正在发育的孩子很有益处。
近　callous adj. 麻木的，无情的；结硬块的；callow adj. 年轻而无经验的，（人）未成熟的；（鸟）羽毛未丰的

calibration
calibration［ˌkælɪ'breɪ∫ən］
n. 校准；标度，刻度〈同　adjustment, measurement〉
例　In order to function accurately, a scale needs regular calibration. 为了保证精确计量，天平需要定期进行校正。

campaign
campaign　［kæmˈpeɪn］
n.（政治或商业性）活动；竞选运动〈同 drive〉
例 The students held an environmental campaign to protest against pollution. 学生们举行了一次环保活动，以反对环境污染。

cancel
cancel　［ˈkænsəl］
vt. 取消〈同 call off〉
例 Peter cancelled his doctor's appointment because he had too much work. 彼得取消了与医生的预约，因为他有太多工作要做。
联 cancellation n. 取消

candid
candid［'kændɪd］
adj. 率直的，坦白的〈同　straightforward, frank〉
例　The boy was too shy to be candid and could not openly express his feelings for her. 那个男孩太腼腆了，不够坦率，无法公开表达对她的感情。

candid
candid［'kændɪd］
adj. 坦诚的
解　openly straightforward and direct without reserve or secretiveness
例　The successful businessman always believed that candid dialogue was the most efficient way to get what you want. 这位成功的商人一直相信坦诚的对话是达到目的最有效的方式。

candidate
candidate　［ˈkændɪdət; ˈkændɪdeɪt］
n. 候选人
例 The reporter asked the candidate some hard questions. 记者向候选人提出了一些尖锐的问题。

candle
candle［'kændəl］
n. 蜡烛
解　a stick of wax of tallow with a wick in it, burned to give light
例　Romantic restaurants normally have dimmed lighting, white tablecloth and candles on the tables. 浪漫的餐厅通常灯光暗淡，餐桌上布置着白色的桌布和蜡烛。

candor
candor［'kændə(r)］
n. 坦诚，坦率
解　the quality of being honest and straightforward in attitude and speech
例　She was moved by the candor in his expression of love for her. 她被他的表白中所流露出的坦诚所打动了。

canopy
canopy［'kænəpi］
n. 天篷，遮篷〈同　covering〉
例　The canopy of a tropical rain forest is home to many thousands of species of animals. 热带雨林的冠层是成千上万种动物的家。

canvas
canvas［'kænvəs］
n. 帆布；画布
例　Most of the soldiers carried canvas bags. 大多数士兵都背着帆布包。

capable
capable［'keɪpəbəl］
adj. 有能力的，能干的
解　having fitness, power, or ability; able
例　She was such a capable teacher that the school appointed her as its principal the next year. 她是一位非常能干的老师，学校任命她从下一年开始担任校长。
同　incapable adj. 无能力的

capacity
capacity　［kəˈpæsəti］
n. 容量；能力〈同 volume; ability〉
例 The stadium has a seating capacity of 50,000. 这个体育场的座位数量为五万个。

capitalism
capitalism［'kæpɪtəlɪzəm］
n. 资本主义（制度）
例　In capitalism, the motive for producing goods and services is to sell them for a profit, not to satisfy people's needs. 在资本主义制度中，生产商品和提供服务的目的是赚得利润，而不是满足人们的需求。

capitulate
capitulate［kə'pɪtjʊleɪt］
v. （有条件地）投降
解　to surrender under agreed conditions
例　The general in the fort capitulated under the condition that his soldiers could go free. 堡垒里的将军选择投降，条件是他的士兵们都被释放。
同　capitulation n. 投降

capsule
capsule［'kæpsju:l］
n. ①（装一剂药物的）胶囊〈同　pill〉
例　Medicine is often given in capsules made of gelatin. 药物常常被装在用凝胶制成的胶囊内。
例　In flight the capsule can separate from the rest of the rocket and go into orbit or be directed back to Earth. 在飞行状态下，太空舱可以与火箭的其他部分分离，然后进入预定轨道或定向返回地球。

captious
captious［'kæpʃəs］
adj. 吹毛求疵的
解　tending to find and call attention to faults
例　The old professor had a captious eye, enabling him to catch every mistake in his students' essays. 这位老教授眼光很犀利，能够发现学生论文中的任何一处错误。

captivate
captivate［'kæptɪveɪt］
v. 迷惑，吸引
解　fascinate, as by excellence, eloquence, or beauty
例　The movie captivated the audience and no one could take their eyes off it. 观众被电影深深吸引，没有人能将眼睛挪开。

captive
captive［'kæptɪv］
n. 俘虏〈同 prisoner〉
例　The pirates took many captives during raids along the coast. 海盗在海岸沿线地区进行突袭，抓获了很多俘虏。

capture
capture　［ˈkæptʃə(r)］
vt. 捕获；夺取〈同 seize〉
例 The war was ended when we captured the enemy's major city. 我们占领了敌方的主要城市后，战争结束了。

capture
capture［'kæptʃə(r)］
v. 逮捕；捕捉
解　to succeed in catching or seizing, esp. after a chase
例　He captured rabbits with a carrot and a metal trap. 他用一个胡萝卜和一个金属陷阱捕获了兔子。

carapace
carapace［'kærəpeɪs］
n.（蟹或龟等的）甲壳
例　A carapace is the shell or bony covering on the back of a turtle, lobster, or crab. 壳是海龟、龙虾或螃蟹背上的壳或骨质覆盖层。

carat
carat［'kærət］
n.（宝石重量单位）克拉
例　He gave her a three-carat diamond ring for their second anniversary. 他送给她一枚三克拉的钻戒，作为他们结婚两周年纪念日的礼物。

carbohydrate
carbohydrate［ˌkɑ:bəʊ'haɪdreɪt］
n. 水化合物
解　substance made from carbon dioxide and water by green plants in sunlight
例　Athletes usually eat meals packed with carbohydrates before a big event in order to get the energy they need. 在重大比赛开始之前，运动员通常吃一些富含碳水化合物的膳食来获得所需的能量。
同　carbonated adj. 碳化的

cardiac
cardiac［'kɑ:dɪæk］
adj. 心脏的
例　The old man was warned by the doctor to get himself on a diet or risk dying from a cardiac attack. 医生告诫那个老人一定要节食，否则他可能会面临死于心脏病的风险。

cardinal
cardinal［'kɑ:dɪnəl］
adj. 首要的，主要的〈同　principal, main〉
例　If you want to increase your word power, the cardinal rule of vocabulary building is to read. 如果你想增加自己的词汇量，阅读是首选方法。

careless
careless［'keəlɪs］
adj. 粗心的，疏忽的〈同　heedless, negligent〉
例　The careless boy broke the cup when he was running in circles with his eyes closed. 那个粗心的男孩在闭着眼睛转圈跑的时候，把杯子打碎了。

cargo
cargo［'kɑ:gəʊ］
n. 货物〈同 shipload, freight〉
例　Cargo is carried on ships, airplanes and trucks. 货物由船只、飞机和卡车装运。

caricature
caricature［'kærɪkətjʊə(r)］
n.（滑稽模仿的）讽刺画；漫画〈同　parody〉
例　The caricatures he drew always emphasized a personal weakness of the people he burlesqued. 他画的漫画总是突出强调他所嘲讽的人的个人缺点。

carnival
carnival［'kɑ:nɪvəl］
n. 狂欢节〈同　festivity〉
例　The large parade created a carnival atmosphere in the streets. 大规模游行给大街营造出了一种狂欢节的气氛。

carnivorous
carnivorous［kɑ:'nɪvərəs］
adj. 食肉的〈同　meat-eating〉
例　The lion is a carnivorous animal. 狮子是食肉动物。

carpenter
carpenter［'kɑ:pɪntə(r)］
n. 木匠〈同 woodworker〉
例　The carpenter built a beautiful spiral staircase. 木匠建了一座漂亮的旋转式楼梯。

carve
carve［kɑ:v］
vt. ① 把（熟肉）切成片〈同 cut〉
例　The grandmother carves the Thanksgiving Day turkey. 祖母把感恩节火鸡切成片。
例　She likes to carve animals out of pieces of wood. 她喜欢用木头块雕刻出动物的形象。

cast
cast　［kɑːst;（US）kæst］
vt. ① 铸造〈同 shape〉
例 A statue of the general is presently being cast. 将军的雕像目前正在铸造当中。
例 Anne cast a stone into the water. 安妮向水中扔了一块石头。

castle
castle［'kɑ:sl; (US)'kæsl］
n. 城堡〈同 citadel〉
例　The knight rode over the drawbridge into the castle. 骑士骑马穿过吊桥，进入了城堡。

casual
casual　［ˈkæʒʊəl］
adj. 非正式的，随便的；漫不经心的〈同 informal; purposeless〉
例 The picnic was casual, so we all wore jeans and T-shirts. 这次的野餐非常随意，所以我们都穿着牛仔裤和T恤衫。
记 来自case（事件）→由偶然事件引起的→偶然的→非正式的

casualty
casualty［'kæʒʊəlti］
n. 事故；伤亡者〈同 accident〉
例　Tom saw a casualty on the highway and phoned the police. 汤姆在公路上看见了一起事故，然后打电话报警了。

cataclysmic
cataclysmic［ˌkætə'klɪzmɪk］
adj. 灾难的
解　severely destructive
例　The poor economy has driven companies to a cataclysmic end. 萎靡的经济使许多公司遭受了灭顶之灾。
构　cata (=downwards) + clysm (=to wash) + ic

catalog
catalog［'kætəlɒɡ］
n. 目录，产品目录
解　a complete list of things; usually arranged systematically
例　He received a store's spring fashion catalog in the mail and ordered some shirts and shorts. 他收到了一家商店寄来的春装产品目录，然后定购了几件衬衫和短裤。

catalogue
catalogue［'kætəlɒg］
n. 目录〈同 directory〉
例　We looked through the store's catalogue to determine what to buy. 我们浏览了一遍商店的商品目录来决定买什么。

catalyst
catalyst［'kætəlɪst］
n. 催化剂；促使事情发展的因素〈同　enzyme; stimulus〉
例　Many chemical reactions cannot take place without the presence of a catalyst. 如果没有催化剂，许多化学反应便无法发生。

catalyst
catalyst［'kætəlɪst］
n. 催化剂；促使事情发展的因素
解　a substance that initiates some event or chemical reactions
例　The introduction of an arbitrator served as a catalyst for the two parties to reach a peaceful accord. 仲裁人的介入促使双方达成了一项和平协议。
同　catalytic adj. 接触反应的

catalyze
catalyze［'kætəlaɪz］
v. 催化，促进
解　to modify, especially increase, the rate of (a chemical reaction) by catalysis
例　Since the experiment was so slow, the chemist added a chemical to catalyze and speed the process. 由于实验反应发生得太慢，这位化学家添加了一种化学物质来催化并加速这一过程。

catastrophe
catastrophe［kə'tæstrəfi］
n. 异常的灾祸，大灾难〈同　disaster; calamity〉
例　The unusual flood that took the lives of many people was a terrible catastrophe. 那场罕见的洪水夺去了许多人的生命，真是一场可怕的大灾难。

catastrophe
catastrophe［kə'tæstrəfi］
n. 大灾难，大祸
解　an event resulting in great loss and misfortune
例　The sinking of the Titanic was a historical catastrophe. 泰坦尼克号的沉没是历史上的一个重大灾难。
同　catastrophic adj. 大灾害的
构　cata (=downwards) + stroph (=to turn) + e

catching
catching［'kætʃɪŋ］
adj.（接触）传染的；有魅力的，迷人的〈同　contagious; charming〉
例　Mary's personality is quite catching and many boys are always trying to win her attention. 玛丽的个性非常迷人，许多男孩总是试图引起她的注意。

category
category［'kætəgəri］
n. 种类，类目；范畴〈同 classification〉
例　The characters in the story can be divided into two categories: good people and bad people. 故事中的人物可以分为两类：好人和坏人。

cater
cater［'keɪtə(r)］
vi. 满足，迎合（需要）（to）〈同 satisfy〉
例　Nowadays TV caters to many different tastes. 现在的电视节目迎合着许多人不同的品位。

caution
caution［'kɔ:ʃən］
n. 小心，谨慎〈同 care〉
例　Always use caution when crossing streets. 过马路的时候要小心。
vt. 警告〈同 warn〉
例　I cautioned them against playing in the street. 我警告他们不要在马路上玩耍。

cave
cave［keɪv］
n. 洞穴
解　a hollow space underground, especially one with an opening in the side of a hill or mountain
例　The cave was dark and filled with bats. 山洞很暗，到处都是蝙蝠。
近　carve v. 雕刻；（把肉等）切成片；curve n. 曲线

cavern
cavern［'kævən］
n. 大山洞，大洞穴〈同　cave〉
例　Inside the cavern were the remnants of an ancient fire. 洞穴内是远古时代火堆的残留物。

cavern
cavern［'kævən］
n. 大洞穴
解　a large cave or a large chamber in a cave
例　The cavern led to an underground city. 这个洞穴通往一座地下城市。

cavity
cavity［'kævɪti］
n. 洞；腔〈同 cavern〉
例　The liver lies mainly on the right side of the abdominal cavity. 肝脏大体位于腹腔的右侧。

cease
cease　［siːs］
v. 停止，终止〈同 stop〉
例 Fighting in the area has now ceased. 这个地区的战争现在已经停止。
联 ceaseless adj. 不停的

celebrated
celebrated　［ˈselɪbreɪtɪd］
adj. 著名的〈同 renown〉
例 The celebrated pianist will give a concert this weekend. 那位著名的钢琴家将在本周末举办一场音乐会。

celestial
celestial［sə'lestɪəl; (US)sə'lestʃl］
adj. 天体的；天上的〈同　heavenly; astronomical〉
例　For thousands of years, people have studied the sun, moon, and other celestial bodies. 数千年以来，人类研究了太阳、月亮和其他天体。

cellar
cellar［'selə(r)］
n. 地窖，地下室
例　A cellar is an underground room, usually under a building and often used for storing food or fuel. 地窖是一种地下室，通常位于建筑物的地下部分，用于储藏食物或者燃料。

cement
cement［sɪ'ment］
n. 水泥；接合剂〈同 plaster〉
例　She wrote her name in the wet cement of the new sidewalk. 新修的人行横道水泥还未干，她在上面写下了自己的名字。
v. 接合，胶合；巩固
例　The marriage of our son to their daughter cemented the friendship of our two families. 我们的儿子和他们的女儿的婚姻加深了我们两家人的情谊。

census
census［'sensəs］
n. 人口调查，人口普查
例　We have a census in China every ten years. 中国每隔十年进行一次人口普查。

centennial
centennial［sen'tenɪəl］
n. 百年纪念〈同　the 100th anniversary〉
例　The U.S. centennial was celebrated in 1876. 美国成立100周年庆典在1876年举行。

central
central［'sentrəl］
adj. ① 中央的 ② 重要的
解　① at the center; near the center ② main; chief
例　The marketing proposal was central to the company's survival in the new markets. 这个营销计划对公司能否在新市场中生存至关重要。

centrifuge
centrifuge［'sentrɪfju:ʤ］
v. 分离 n. 离心机
解　v. to rotate (something) in a centrifuge or to separate, dehydrate, or test by means of this apparatus
n. such apparatus used for this
例　The chemist used the centrifuge to extract the desired particles from the liquid. 这位化学家使用离心机从液体中提取所要的粒子。
近　refuge n. 庇护
构　centr (=center) + i + fuge (=to flee)

cereal
cereal［'sɪərɪəl］
n. 谷物；谷类食品〈同 grain〉
例　Oatmeal and cornmeal are cereals. 麦片和玉米粉属于谷类食品。

ceremonial
ceremonial［ˌserɪ'məʊnɪəl］
n. 仪式〈同　ritual〉
例　There was a special ceremonial to mark the end of the war. 这场特殊的仪式标志着战争的结束。
adj. 正式的；仪式的〈同　formal; ceremonious〉
例　The emperor's ceremonial costumes were majestic. 皇帝的礼服非常庄重。

ceremony
ceremony　［ˈserəməni］
n. 典礼，仪式；礼节〈同 ritual〉
例 The wedding ceremony took place in a garden. 婚礼仪式在一座花园里举行。

certainty
certainty［'sɜ:tənti］
n. 确定；确实的事情〈同 freedom from doubt, a sure fact〉
例　There are few absolute certainties in life. 生活中很少有绝对确定的事情。

certify
certify［'sɜ:tɪfaɪ］
v. 证明；保证〈同 verify, guarantee〉
例　This diploma certifies that you have completed high school. 这张文凭证明你完成了高中学业。

chafe
chafe［tʃeɪf］
vt. ①（将皮肤等）擦热，擦破〈同　rub, abrade〉
例　A child's soft skin chafes easily so be careful and gentle. 孩子柔软的皮肤很容易擦伤，所以一定要小心和轻柔一点。
例　His big sister's teasing chafed him to the point of tears. 他姐姐的戏弄惹得他哭了起来。

chagrin
chagrin［'∫ægrɪn; (US)∫ə'gri:n］
n. 懊恼，失望〈同　embarrassment, disappointment〉
例　Judy refused the boy's flowers and left him with a look of chagrin on his face. 朱迪拒绝了那个男孩送的花，这让那个男孩的脸上挂满了失望的表情。

challenge
challenge　［ˈtʃælɪnʤ］
n. 挑战〈同 competition〉
例 Finishing the 26-mile race was a challenge for most of the participants. 完成26英里的比赛，对于大多数参赛者而言都是一个挑战。
vt. 向…挑战
例 The homework assignment challenged Bill. 家庭作业对比尔来说是个挑战。

chamber
chamber　［ˈtʃeɪmbə(r)］
n. 室；房间；（动植物体内的）腔，室〈同 cell〉
例 The human heart has four chambers. 人的心脏有四个心腔。
联 chamber music 室内音乐

champion
champion　［ˈtʃæmpɪən］
n. 冠军；拥护者〈同 winner; advocate〉
例 Do you think he will be the new champion after the contest? 你认为这场比赛结束后，他会成为新的冠军吗？
vt. 支持；主张〈同 stand up for〉
例 Martin Luther King Jr. won the Nobel Peace Prize because he championed the oppressed in their struggle for equality. 马丁•路德•金能获得诺贝尔和平奖，是因为他支持被压迫者争取平等待遇。
联 championship n. 锦标赛

chaos
chaos　［ˈkeɪɒs］
n. 混乱〈同 disorder〉
例 There was complete chaos when the world champions arrived at the airport. 当世界冠军抵达机场时，现场一片混乱。
联 chaotic adj. 混乱的

characteristic
characteristic　［ˌkærəktəˈrɪstɪk］
adj. 典型的，表现（人或物）特征的，特有的〈同 typical〉
例 Warm sunny days are the characteristic weather of the summer months here. 在这里，夏季几个月的天气特点就是温暖和晴朗。
n. 特征，特性〈同 property, attribute〉
例 Heavy snow is a characteristic of winter around here. 下大雪是这里冬季的特点之一。
记 character（特征）+istic→表现特征的

characterize
characterize　［ˈkærəktəraɪz］
vt. 表现…的特色；刻画的…性格〈同 distinguish〉
例 Dreaming is a distinct and necessary part of sleeping, usually characterized by the occurrence of rapid eye movement. 做梦是睡眠的一个独特而必要的部分，通常的特征是出现快速眼动。

charge
charge　［tʃɑːʤ］
n. ① 职责〈同 control〉
例 After the sudden death of the sheriff, the deputy took charge. 郡长突然去世之后，由副郡长主持工作。
例 The charge to repair your shoes is ten dollars. 你这双鞋的修理费是十美元。
v. 进攻 〈同 attack〉
例 The dog charged the intruder and bit him. 狗冲向入侵者并咬了他。

charity
charity　［ˈtʃærəti］
n. 慈善（事业、机构）
例 Charity's goal is to help people in difficulty. 慈善机构的目的是帮助有困难的人。
记 分割联想：char（音似“茶”）+ity→请穷人喝茶→施舍→慈善
联 charitarian n. 慈善家；charitable adj. 仁慈的

charm
charm　［tʃɑːm］
n. 吸引力，（女人的）魅力
例 I used all of my charm to impress Bill. 我发挥自己所有的魅力来给比尔留下印象。

charter
charter　［ˈtʃɑːtə(r)］
vt. 准许（某人或某物）包租；特许〈同 license〉
例 The University of Georgia, chartered in 1785, was the first state-supported university in the United States. 1785年获得特许成立的乔治亚大学，是美国首所由州政府扶持的大学。
n. 宪章，章程
例 The Charter of the United Nation's states its activities and powers. 《联合国宪章》明确了其职能与权力。

chase
chase　［tʃeɪs］
v. 追逐〈同 run after〉
例 The dog chased the cat for nearly half a mile. 那条狗追了那只猫将近半英里。

chaste
chaste［tʃeɪst］
adj. 贞洁的；（思想、言论）朴素的〈同　virtuous; modest〉
例　The conservative woman had decided to be chaste until she got married. 那位保守的女士决定在结婚之前保持贞洁。

chat
chat　［tʃæt］
vi. 闲谈〈同 talk〉
例 Dave chatted on the telephone all evening. 戴维一晚上都在打电话聊天。

cheer
cheer　［tʃɪə(r)］
n. 欢呼〈同 applause〉
例 The crowd gave a cheer when the team scored. 当球队进球的时候，人群发出了欢呼声。
联 cheerful adj. 愉快的，高兴的

chef
chef［∫ef］
n. 厨师
例　When the restaurant hired a better chef, business improved. 餐厅聘请了一位更好的厨师之后，生意逐渐好了起来。

cherish
cherish［'tʃerɪʃ］
v. 抱有（希望等）；珍爱〈同 harbor, treasure〉
例　An athlete always cherishes the hope of winning a gold medal. 运动员都希望自己能拿金牌。

chew
chew　［tʃuː］
vt. 咀嚼（食物等）
例 It was difficult to chew the tough meat. 这肉太老，很难嚼。

chiefly
chiefly　［ˈtʃiːfli］
adv. 主要地，多半地〈同 mainly〉
例 The decision is chiefly up to the president to make. 决定主要取决于总裁。

childish
childish［'tʃaɪldɪʃ］
adj. 孩子（气）的；幼稚的〈同 immature〉
例　A childish prank ended in a broken window. 窗玻璃被打碎了，孩子的恶作剧才收场。

chill
chill　［tʃɪl］
v. 使冷；变冷，冷却〈同 cool〉
例 The January winds chill everybody. 一月的风让所有人都感到寒冷。
n. 寒意，寒战〈同 coldness〉
例 The chill in the desert at night can be very bad. 沙漠晚上的寒冷会非常难熬。
联 chilly adj. 寒冷的

chip
chip　［tʃɪp］
n. 碎片；芯片
例 I stepped on a chip of stone and bruised my heel. 我踩到了一块碎石，结果擦伤了脚后跟。

chisel
chisel［'tʃɪzəl］
n. 凿子〈同　gouge〉
例　The chisel is the greatest tool of a sculptor. 凿子是雕刻家最趁手的工具。
v. 砍凿，凿刻〈同　cut, sculpt〉
例　The artist chiseled a totem from the large tree. 艺术家用大树凿刻出了一个图腾。

chivalry
chivalry［'∫ɪvəlri］
n. 骑士气概，侠义；（男人）对女人彬彬有礼，献殷勤
例　The gentleman showed his chivalry when opening the door for women. 那位绅士殷勤有礼地为女士们开门。

choke
choke　［tʃəʊk］
vt. 使窒息〈同 asphyxiate〉
例 The smoke almost choked the baby. 烟雾差点让那个婴儿窒息。

chop
chop　［tʃɒp］
vt. 砍〈同 cut〉
例 Anne chopped the wood with an axe. 安妮用斧子砍木头。

chore
chore［tʃɔ:(r)］
n. 家务杂事
例　Her parents did not let her go out with her friends until she finished her chores. 她父母不让她与朋友们一起出去，除非她做完家务。

choreography
choreography［ˌkɒrɪ'ɒgrəfi］
n. 舞蹈编排；舞蹈艺术
例　Choreography is the art of arranging patterns of dancing, especially for a ballet or a musical. 舞蹈编排是设计舞蹈动作的艺术，在芭蕾舞或音乐剧中常见。

chorus
chorus［'kɔ:rəs］
n. 合唱团〈同 ensemble〉
例　She was always in the chorus, never a star. 她总是唱合唱，成不了明星。

chronic
chronic［'krɒnɪk］
adj. 长期的；慢性的〈同 persistent〉
例　The doctors were finally able to attribute his chronic headaches to the gas in his apartment. 医生最终成功诊断出，他慢性头疼的原因在于其公寓里有煤气泄漏。

chubby
chubby［'tʃʌbi］
adj. 丰满的，圆胖的〈同　plump, fat〉
例　I became chubby because I ate too many pastries. 我变胖了，因为我吃了太多的糕点。

chunk
chunk［tʃʌŋk］
n. 大块；矮胖的人或物〈同　piece, mass〉
例　Here's a chunk of wood for the fire. 这里有一大块木头可以生火。

cider
cider［'saɪdə(r)］
n. 苹果酒；苹果汁
例　We use the apples from the farm to make apple cider. 我们用农场生产的苹果来制作苹果酒。

cipher
cipher［'saɪfə(r)］
n. 密码〈同　code〉
例　Lacking his code book, the spy was unable to decode the messages sent to him in cipher. 由于没有密码本，那个间谍无法破译用密码传递给他的信息。

circuitous
circuitous［sə'kju(:)ɪtəs］
adj. 迂回的，绕圈子的
解　marked by obliqueness or indirection in speech or conduct; deviating from a straight course
例　The taxi driver took the tourists on a circuitous path to the airport. 出租车司机载着乘客绕路来到机场。
同　circuity n. 迂回，绕行

circular
circular［'sɜ:kjʊlə(r)］
adj. 圆形的
解　shaped like a ring
例　The Board always met at a circular table where everyone was equal. 董事会通常举行圆桌会议，这样人人都是平等的。

circulate
circulate　［ˈsɜːkjʊleɪt］
v.（使）循环；（使）传播〈同 circle〉
例 In times of prosperity money circulates quickly, but during a depression it circulates slowly. 货币在繁荣时期流通得很快，而在萧条时期则流通得很慢。
联 circulation n. 循环；流通；circulation desk 图书借还台

circulate
circulate［'sɜ:kjʊleɪt］
v. 流通；发行；传播；循环
解　to cause to be distributed; to flow freely, as of air or liquids
例　The boy circulated newspapers to houses throughout the neighborhood. 男孩在小区内挨家投递报纸。
近　articulate v. 发音清晰；清楚地说话；接合；immaculate adj. 洁净的，无瑕的；maculated adj. 有斑点的
同　circulation n. 流通；循环

circumference
circumference　［sɜːˈkʌmfərəns］
n. 圆周；周长〈同 perimeter〉
例 The highway was built on the circumference of the city. 高速公路绕这座城市而建。
记 circum（环绕）+fer（运载）+ence（名词后缀）→圆周；周长

circumference
circumference［sə'kʌmfərəns］
n. 圆周
解　the length of the closed curve of a circle
例　The circumference of the earth is about 25,000 miles. 地球的赤道周长大约为2.5万英里。
近　interference n. 干预
构　circum (=around) + fer (=to carry) + ence

circumlocution
circumlocution［ˌsɜ:kəmlə'kju:ʃən］
n. 迂回累赘的陈述
解　an indirect way of expressing something
例　The professor set a maximum number of 100 words for the essay so the students' circumlocution would not waste his time. 教授要求文章字数不能超过100字，这样他就不会因为学生的长篇赘述而浪费时间。
构　circum (=around) + locut (=to say) + ion

circumscribe
circumscribe［'sɜ:kəmskraɪb］
vt. 界限；限制〈同　mark the boundaries of; confine〉
例　A terrible illness circumscribed him to bed for a year. 一种严重的疾病让他卧床一年。

circumspect
circumspect［'sɜ:kəmspekt］
adj. 慎重的，仔细的
解　cautious; well-considered; prudent
例　Investigating before taking any action, she tried always to be circumspect. 她在采取行动之前总会先进行调查，努力做到万无一失。
同　circumspection n. 谨慎小心
构　circum (=around) + spect (=to look)

circumstance
circumstance　［ˈsɜːkəmstəns］
n. 环境，情况〈同 situation〉
例 We need to know the exact circumstances surrounding the accident. 我们需要知道事故发生地周围的具体情况。

circumvent
circumvent［ˌsɜ:kəm'vent］
vt. ① 包围，智取 ② 绕行；避开
解　① to get the better of or defeat by trickery; to outwit ② to go around
例　The dishonest officer was always trying to circumvent the law. 这个不老实的官员总想设法规避法律。
构　circum (=around) + vent (=to come)

cite
cite　［saɪt］
vt. 引用；举例〈同 refer to〉
例 The boss cited Bill's excessive absences when he fired him. 老板在解聘比尔的时候，提到了他多次缺勤的事。

citizenship
citizenship［'sɪtɪzən∫ɪp］
n. 公民（的身份）
例　Voting is a right of citizenship and obeying the laws is a duty of citizenship. 选举是公民的权利，守法是公民的义务。

civilian
civilian［sə'vɪlɪən］
adj. 平民的；民用的〈同　nonmilitary, noncombatant〉
例　When soliders are on leave, they tend to wear civilian clothes rather than their military uniforms. 在休假期间，士兵们倾向于穿便服，而不愿意穿军装。
n. 平民
例　He has left the army and is a civilian again. 他退伍了，又成为一名平民。

civilization
civilization［ˌsɪvɪlaɪ'zeɪʃən］
n. 文明，文化；开化
例　The Babylonian culture was an ancient culture with a high degree of civilization. 巴比伦文化是一种有着高度发达文明的古代文化。

claim
claim［kleɪm］
v. 声称；声称有权利 n. 声明
解　v. to assert or affirm strongly; to state to be true or existing n. an assertion of a right (as to money or property)
例　She claimed that the car accident was his fault. 她声称这场交通事故是他的责任。

clamor
clamor［'klæmə(r)］
n. 叫嚣，喧哗〈同　commotion, uproar〉
例　The large clamor awoke the whole neighborhood. 巨大的叫嚷声吵醒了所有邻居。

clan
clan［klæn］
n. 家族，宗族〈同　tribe, family〉
例　The two clans have been enemies for hundreds of years. 这两个家族彼此敌对已有数百年。

clap
clap［klæp］
n. 拍手声；（雷鸣等的）霹雳声
例　It is common knowledge that a flash of lightning is seen before a clap of thunder is heard. 先看见闪电，后听到雷声，这是常识。
v. 鼓掌；轻拍〈同　applaud; slap〉
例　When the show was over, we all clapped. 表演结束后，我们都鼓掌了。

clarify
clarify　［ˈklærəfaɪ］
vt. 澄清，阐明〈同 illuminate〉
例 The explanation clarifies the details of the plan. 解释阐明了计划的细节。
记 clar（清楚）+ify→澄清
联 clarification n. 澄清，净化

clarity
clarity［'klærɪti］
n. 清晰，易懂〈同 clearness〉
例　Clarity is an essential requirement for any children's textbook. 清晰易懂是所有儿童教材的一项基本要求。

clasp
clasp［klɑ:sp］
vi. 扣紧，紧握〈同 grip〉
例　I clasped the railing as I climbed the stairs. 我爬楼梯的时候，紧紧地扶着栏杆。

classical
classical　［ˈklæsɪkəl］
adj. 古典的，正统的
例 We are rapidly nearing the end of this course on the history of classical music. 我们很快就要结束古典音乐史这门课程了。
联 classicism n. 古典主义，古典风格

classify
classify　［ˈklæsɪfaɪ］
vt. 把…分类，分等级〈同 categorize〉
例 Scientists had never seen that kind of insect before and they did not know what to classify it under. 科学家之前从未见过这种昆虫，所以他们不知道该将其归入哪一个种类。
联 classification n. 分类，分级

clause
clause　［klɔːz］
n. 从句；条款
例 The sentence had too many clauses in it. 这个句子里面有太多从句。

clay
clay［kleɪ］
n. 黏土；泥土
例　Bricks, dishes and vases may be made from clay. 砖、盘子和花瓶都可以用黏土制成。

clergy
clergy［'klɜ:ʤi］
n. 牧师
例　Bill and his wife are both members of the clergy. 比尔和他妻子都是神职人员。

client
client［'klaɪənt］
n. 顾客，客户〈同 customer〉
例　The stockbroker has several clients whose accounts he oversees. 这位股票经纪人帮忙管理他的几位客户的账户。

cliff
cliff［klɪf］
n. 悬崖，峭壁〈同　bluff, precipice〉
例　Our friends enjoyed jumping from the cliff into the ocean during their summer vacation. 在暑假里，我们的朋友们喜欢从悬崖上跳到海里去。

climax
climax［'klaɪˌmæks］
n. 高潮；顶点〈同 summit〉
例　The story's climax came when the two people finally married. 两个人最终步入婚姻的殿堂，这个故事的高潮也随之而来。

climax
climax［'klaɪmæks］
n. 高潮
解　the highest point of anything; summit
例　The novel was so provocative that she could not set it down until she reached the climax. 这部小说写得太吸引人了，她直到看到高潮部分才放下书。

cling
cling［klɪŋ］
vi. ① 黏紧，附着（to）〈同 stick〉
例　Wet clothes cling to the body. 衣服湿了，贴在身上。
例　We have no reason to cling to those old ways. 我们没有理由坚持那些老方法。

clinic
clinic［'klɪnɪk］
n. 诊所〈同 dispensary〉
例　He's being treated at a private clinic. 他在一家私人诊所接受治疗。

clip
clip［klɪp］
vt. 修剪〈同 trim〉
例　Mary clipped a few roses off the bushes. 玛丽从树丛中剪下了几支玫瑰。

clockwise
clockwise［'klɒkwaɪz］
adj./adv. 顺时针方向的（地）
例　Turn the key clockwise to unlock the door. 顺时针旋转钥匙来打开房门。

clog
clog［klɒg］
vt. 障碍，阻塞〈同　block; congest〉
例　The accident clogged the highway and caused a traffic jam for miles. 这起事故阻塞了公路，造成的交通拥堵绵延数英里。

clue
clue　［kluː］
n. 线索〈同 hint〉
例 Police are searching the area for clues to the murder. 警方正在调查这个区域，寻找与凶杀案有关的线索。

clumsy
clumsy　［ˈklʌmzi］
adj. 笨拙的；愚笨的〈同 awkward〉
例 People laughed at the clumsy elephant at the zoo. 动物园里笨拙的大象引得人们大笑。
记 参考动词clump（用沉重的脚步行走）→(行动）笨拙的

cluster
cluster［'klʌstə(r)］
n. 簇，串，群〈同 group, bunch〉
例　A cluster of strawberries grew in the field. 田野里生长着一簇草莓。
vi. 丛生；聚集〈同 concentrate〉
例　Fans clustered round the pop singer when the concert was over. 演唱会结束后，歌迷们簇拥在这位流行歌手的周围。

clutch
clutch［klʌtʃ］
v. 抓住，攫住〈同 grasp tightly〉
例　I clutched the railing to keep my balance. 我抓住栏杆以保持平衡。
n. 一次产的或孵的蛋
例　In the hollow we could see a clutch of beautiful speckled eggs. 在洞里，我们能看见一窝漂亮的带斑点的蛋。

coach
coach　［kəʊtʃ］
v. 训练，指导 〈同 train〉
例 Anne coached Mary on her public speaking skills. 安妮对玛丽的公共演讲技巧进行指导。

coalesce
coalesce［ˌkəʊə'les］
vi. 联合，合并〈同　associate, combine〉
例　The two factions coalesced in order to fight a common enemy. 为了对抗共同的敌人，这两股势力联合了起来。

coalition
coalition［ˌkəʊə'lɪ∫ən］
n. 联合；临时结成的联盟〈同　alliance, union〉
例　In wartime several countries may form a temporary coalition against a common enemy. 在战争时期，几个国家可能组成临时联盟，以对抗共同的敌人。

coarse
coarse　［kɔːs］
adj. 粗糙的〈同 rough〉
例 The sand was so coarse that it was quite painful to walk on. 这些沙子太粗糙了，走在上面脚很疼。

coax
coax［kəʊks］
vt. 哄诱，巧言诱哄〈同　persuade, cajole〉
例　Janet coaxed her little baby to sleep. 珍妮特哄自己的小宝宝睡觉。

code
code　［kəʊd］
n. 代码，密码
例 The spy sent his message in a secret code. 间谍用密码发送消息。
联 codify vt. 把（法律、法规）编成法典；编纂，整理

coexist
coexist［ˌkəʊɪg'zɪst］
vi. 同时存在，共存〈同　coincide〉
例　The two religions coexisted happily with each other. 这两种宗教彼此和平共处。

cohabit
cohabit［kəʊ'hæbɪt］
vi. （男女）同居（尤指未婚而同居者）
解　to live together as husband and wife do
例　They cohabited for two years until they could not bear each other any more. 他们同居了两年，直到无法再忍受彼此。

coherent
coherent［kəʊ'hɪərənt］
adj. 连贯的；有条理的〈同 logical, sound〉
例　We had expected his presentation speech to be brilliant and illuminating, but it turned out to be not even coherent. 我们原本期望他的演讲能够精彩绝伦、引人深思，但结果连连贯都谈不上。

cohesion
cohesion［kəʊ'hi:ʒən］
n. 附着（力），凝聚力〈同 unity〉
例　Wet sand has more cohesion than dry sand. 湿沙子比干沙子更容易黏结。

coil
coil　［kɔɪl］
n.（一）卷；线圈〈同 ring〉
例 A transformer is composed of two coils of wire placed together without wires actually in contact. 变压器包括两个安装在一起的线圈，但电线之间实际上并未连接。
vt. 盘绕，卷〈同 twist〉
例 The snake coiled itself around the tree. 蛇缠绕着树。

coin
coin　［kɔɪn］
n. 硬币〈同 nickel〉
例 Bill's pocket was full of coins. 比尔的口袋里装满了硬币。
vt. 创造（一个新的词或短语）〈同 create〉
例 The advertising company coined a new word to name the new product. 那家广告公司创造出一个新词来为新产品命名。
联 coinage n. 造币；货币制度

coincide
coincide［ˌkəʊɪn'saɪd］
vi.（事情等）同时发生；相符合，巧合〈同 concur, correspond〉
例　Our vacations coincided, so we traveled together. 我们同时放假，于是一起去旅行。

collaborate
collaborate［kə'læbəreɪt］
vi.（在文艺、科学等方面）协作，合作〈同 cooperate〉
例　Two writers collaborated in preparing this book. 两位作家合作撰写这本书。

collaborate
collaborate［kə'læbəreɪt］
vi. ① 合作 ② 通敌
解　① to work together on a common enterprise or project ② to work treasonably especially with enemy forces occupying one's country
例　The world's scientific community collaborated in the immense task of deciphering the genetic makeup of human DNA. 国际科学界通力合作，一起参与到破译人类基因密码这项庞大的工程中来。
同　collaboration n. 合作；collaborator n. 合作者
构　col < con (=with) + labor (=to work) + ate

collapse
collapse　［kəˈlæps］
n. 倒塌；崩溃，失败〈同 breakdown, failure〉
例 The collapse of the stock market in 1929 signaled the beginning of the Depression. 1929年股市崩盘，标志着经济大萧条的开始。
记 col（共同）+lapse（滑倒）→全部滑倒→倒塌

colleague
colleague［'kɒli:g］
n. 同事，同僚〈同 associate, coworker〉
例　Janet is a colleague of Mr. Bao and they cooperate very well. 珍妮特是包先生的同事，他们合作得很愉快。

collection
collection［kə'lekʃən］
n. 收藏，搜集品〈同 assemblage〉
例　The collection of these stamps took ten years. 收集这些邮票花了十年的时间。

collection
collection［kə'lekʃən］
n. 文集；收集
解　a number of similar objects grouped or found together
例　She kept a postcard collection of all the cities to which she had traveled. 她将她去过的所有城市的明信片都收集了起来。

collective
collective［kə'lektɪv］
adj. 集体的，共同的〈同　common, united〉
例　It will take everyone's collective efforts to end pollution. 要想制止污染，需要所有人的共同努力。

collective
collective［kə'lektɪv］
adj. 共同的，集体的
解　denoting or shared by a group
例　The team did not have any individual talents, but it was their collective effort that was their true strength. 这个团队中没有任何人是天才；大家的共同努力才是他们真正的力量所在。

collide
collide［kə'laɪd］
vi. 碰撞；冲突〈同 crash, conflict〉
例　The bus collided with a car when it tried to avoid a pedestrian. 这辆公交车在避让行人时，与一辆小轿车相撞。

collision
collision　［kəˈlɪʒən］
n. 碰撞；冲突，抵触〈同 crash〉
例 There has been a collision involving a number of cars on the main road into town. 在进城的主路上，有多辆汽车发生了碰撞。

colloquial
colloquial［kə'ləʊkwɪəl］
adj. 口语的，通俗语的〈同　conversational, informal〉
例　Bob deletes colloquial expressions from his formal writing. 鲍勃删除了正式写作中的口语化表达。

colloquial
colloquial［kə'ləʊkwɪəl］
adj. 口语的
解　characteristic of informal spoken language or conversation
例　The colloquial language in his essay made it seem as if he was speaking to you directly. 他文章里的口语化语言让你感觉他似乎在直接跟你说话。
同　colloquialism n. 口语，俗语

collude
collude［kə'lu:d］
v. 串通，共谋
解　to act together secretly; to conspire in a fraud
例　The two thieves colluded in a plan to steal millions of dollars from the businessman. 两个盗贼合谋从这个商人家偷走了数百万美金。
同　collusion n. 串通共谋，勾结

colonize
colonize［'kɒlənaɪz］
vt. 建立殖民地，拓殖〈同 settle〉
例　The British first colonized Australia in the 18th century. 18世纪，英国建立了其在澳大利亚的第一个殖民地。

colony
colony　［ˈkɒləni］
n. ① 殖民地
例 Australia and New Zealand are former British colonies. 澳大利亚与新西兰曾是英国的殖民地。
例 A colony of ants lives under our driveway. 一群蚂蚁住在我们的私家车道下面。
联 colonial adj. 殖民的，殖民地的；colonize vt. 使殖民化；colonialist n. 殖民者

colossal
colossal［kə'lɒsəl］
adj. 巨大的〈同　huge, gigantic〉
例　In the center of the hall stood a colossal wooden statue, decorated in ivory and gold. 大厅中央立着一尊用象牙和黄金装饰的巨大的木雕。

combat
combat　［ˈkɒmbæt］
n. 战斗，格斗〈同 fight〉
例 There was fierce combat between the two sides. 双方爆发了激烈的冲突。

combative
combative［'kɒmbətɪv］
adj. 好斗的
解　having or showing a ready disposition to fight
例　The general first sent his most combative soldiers to fight. 将军首先派遣最能征善战的士兵参战。
同　combatant n. 战士

combine
combine　［kəmˈbaɪn］
v. 联合，结合〈同 unite〉
例 Mary's and Bob's businesses combined to form a new company. 玛丽的公司与鲍勃的公司合并成了一家新公司。
联 combination n. 化合，组合

combustible
combustible［kəm'bʌstəbəl］
adj. 易燃的〈同　flammable, inflammable〉
例　Petrol is highly combustible, so don't smoke while you are handling it. 汽油高度易燃，因此在处理汽油的时候一定不要吸烟。

comedy
comedy　［ˈkɒmədi］
n. 喜剧；喜剧性的事情
例

comic
comic［'kɒmɪk］
adj. 滑稽的，好笑的，喜剧的〈同　funny, ridiculous〉
例　During the long hours aboard the train, many passengers find comic books helpful to combat boredom. 在漫长的火车之旅中，许多乘客发现漫画书有助于打发无聊时间。

command
command［kə'mɑ:nd］
n./v. 命令
解　n. order v. to give an order to; to direct
例　While Jess was under the hypnotist's spell, she obeyed his every command. 杰丝中了催眠术士的符咒，完全听从于他的命令。
近　commend v. 称赞，颂扬；commendable adj. 值得称赞的；recommend v. 推荐，建议；commence v. 开始；倡导
构　com < con (=intensive) + mand (=to order)

commander
commander［kə'mɑ:ndə(r)］
n. 司令官，指挥员〈同 chief, leader〉
例　The soldiers stood at attention while their commander inspected them. 司令检阅的时候，士兵们都立正站好。

commemorate
commemorate［kə'meməreɪt］
vt. 纪念〈同 remember〉
例　A statue has been built to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the poet's birthday. 人们建了一座雕像来纪念这位诗人百年诞辰。

commemorate
commemorate［kə'meməreɪt］
v. 纪念
解　to be a memorial to a person or an event
例　The 4th day of July is celebrated by the American people to commemorate the independence of the country. 美国人民在7月4日这一天庆祝，以纪念这个国家的独立。

commence
commence［kə'mens］
v. 开始，着手〈同 begin, initiate〉
例　The meeting will commence at noon. 会议将于下午开始。

commend
commend［kə'mend］
vt. 称赞〈同 praise〉
例　The judge commended her on her bravery. 法官赞扬了她的勇敢。

commensurate
commensurate［kə'menʃərɪt］
adj. 相称的；同样大小的
解　corresponding in size or degree or extent
例　Each employee received a bonus that was commensurate with his or her exceptional performance and attitude at work. 每位员工都获得了与他们的突出表现和工作态度相符的奖金。
构　com < con (=with) + mens (=to measure) + urate

comment
comment　［ˈkɒment］
n. 注释，评论〈同 remark〉
例 Janet has received both favorable and unfavorable comments on her work. 珍妮特的工作既得到了正面的评价，也得到了负面的评价。
联 commentator n. 评论员，讲解员

comment
comment［'kɒment］
n. 评论
解　remark, a statement of fact or opinion
例　The teacher wrote down his comments on the student's essay on the last page. 老师在最后一页写下了对学生文章的评语。

commentary
commentary［'kɒməntəri］
n. ① 注释，解说词 ② 评论；批评
解　① a series of explanations or interpretations ② criticism
例　The fact that so many people are still living in poverty is indeed a sad commentary on our civilization. 如此多的人依然生活很贫困的事实是人类文明的悲剧。
同　commenter n. 评论员
构　com < con (=with) + ment (=mind) + ary

commercial
commercial［kə'mɜ:ʃəl］
adj. 商业的 n. 电视或广播广告
解　designed for profit or for mass appeal n. advertisement
例　A 30-minute TV show is usually interrupted by two or three commercial breaks. 一个30分钟的电视节目通常会插入2至3个商业广告。

commission
commission　［kəˈmɪʃən］
vt. 委任，任命；委托〈同 authorize〉
例 The rich old man commissioned a sculptor to make a sculpture of Venus. 那位富有的老先生委托一位雕刻家制作一尊维纳斯的雕像。
n. 佣金；回扣
例 The salesman was paid by commission, not by monthly salary. 销售员是从销售额中抽取回扣，而不是领月薪。
联 commissioner n. 委员，专员

commit
commit　［kəˈmɪt］
vt. 犯（错误），干（坏事）
例 The police do not know who committed the robberies. 警方不知道这几起抢劫案是谁干的。
联 commitment n. 信奉，支持；许诺，委托事项

committed
committed［kə'mɪtɪd］
adj. 忠心耿耿的，效忠的；致力的〈同 dedicated, devoted〉
例　ESL teachers are strongly committed to the goals of English language education worldwide. ESL（非母语英语课程）老师们积极致力于在全球范围推广英语教育。

committee
committee　［kəˈmɪti］
n. 委员会
例 How many members are there on the finance committee? 这个财政委员会共有多少名成员？

commodity
commodity［kə'mɒdɪti］
n. 商品，日用品〈同 goods〉
例　Groceries are commodities. 杂货属于商品。

commonplace
commonplace［'kɒmənpleɪs］
adj. 平凡的〈同 ordinary〉
例　The plots of TV plays are often commonplace and nearly everyone is tired of them. 电视剧的情节总是老生常谈，几乎所有人都感到厌烦。

commonplace
commonplace［'kɒmənpleɪs］
adj. 平凡的，平常的
解　completely ordinary and unremarkable
例　It is commonplace to bring a bottle of wine to a dinner party with friends. 人们通常会带上一瓶酒去参加朋友的晚宴。

commotion
commotion［kə'məʊʃən］
n. 骚动，动乱
解　a disturbance or violent agitation
例　The couple's argument created such a commotion that the neighbors were worried and called the police. 夫妻之间的争吵变得越来越激烈，邻居都担心了起来，于是报了警。
构　com < con (=together) + mot (=to move) + ion

communal
communal［'kɒmjʊnəl］
adj. 公共的；公社的〈同　common, public〉
例　Parks are communal property for all the people to enjoy. 公园属于公共产业，所有人都可以享用。

communication
communication　［kəˌmjuːnɪˈkeɪʃən］
n. 沟通；通讯
例 Bill has had no communication with his brother for 10 years. 十年来，比尔与他弟弟之间没有任何联系。
联 communicate v. 交流，沟通；communication satellite 通讯卫星

community
community［kə'mju:nɪti］
n. 社区；社会〈同 society〉
例　The farmer lived in a rural community. 那位农民在农村生活。

commute
commute［kə'mju:t］
vi. 通勤（经常乘汽车或火车往返于两地之间）
例　Most of our students live in the suburbs and commute to school. 我们的大多数学生都住在城郊，每天乘车来上学。

compact
compact［kəm'pækt］
adj. 紧凑的，紧密的；简洁的〈同 compressed, concise〉
例　What a compact office! How did you fit so much into so little space? 你的办公室真紧凑！你是如何把这么多的东西放进这么小的房间的？
vt. 压缩；使密集〈同 tighten〉
例　Cars had compacted the snow until it was like ice. 雪被汽车碾来碾去，最后都变得像冰一样。

companion
companion［kəm'pænɪən］
n. 同伴；同事〈同 associate, partner〉
例　John was Janet's companion at the party and they are really well-matched. 在聚会上，约翰是珍妮特的男伴，他们两人确实很般配。

comparable
comparable［'kɒmpərəbəl］
adj. 可比的，比得上的；类似的〈同 equivalent, similar〉
例　The new legislation requires that women get the same pay as men for comparable jobs. 新的立法要求女性在从事和男性类似的工作时，要获得和男性同等的报酬。

comparatively
comparatively［kəm'pærətɪvli］
adv. 相当地；比较地〈同 rather, relatively〉
例　Generating electricity from coal is a comparatively new development in that country. 在那个国家，依靠煤来发电是一项相对较新的发展。

compare
compare　［kəmˈpɛə］
v. 比较，相比
例 The teacher compared the two historical events. 老师将两个历史事件进行了对比。
联 comparison n. 比较，对照

comparison
comparison［kəm'pærɪsən］
n. ① 比较，对照 ② 相似或相同的性质；类似
解　① act or process of comparing ② the likenesses and differences
例　The teacher's comparison of the heart to a pump helped the students to understand how the heart works. 老师把心脏比做泵，以帮助学生理解心脏的工作原理。

compassion
compassion［kəm'pæʃən］
n. 同情，怜悯
解　a deep awareness of and sympathy for another's suffering
例　Compassion for the earthquake victims brought a flood of contributions. 出于对地震遇难者的同情，大家纷纷捐款捐物。
近　compatible adj. 和谐共处的，相容的
构　com < con (=together) + pass (=to feel, to suffer) + ion

compatible
compatible［kəm'pætɪbəl］
adj. 可以并存的，相容的，协调的〈同 agreeable〉
例　Fortunately, my roommate and I are quite compatible and we never quarrel with each other. 幸运的是，我和我的室友和睦相处，从来都没有吵过架。

compel
compel　［kəmˈpel］
vt. 强迫，使不得不〈同 force〉
例 Our conscience compelled us to turn the money we had found over to the authorities. 良心促使我们将捡到的钱交给了有关部门。
记 com（共同）+pel（推）→共同推→强迫
联 compelling adj. 强制性的；引人注目的

compelling
compelling［kəm'pelɪŋ］
adj. ①强制的，强迫的〈同　forceful; causing to yield〉
例　A compelling argument for buying a videocassette recorder is one that makes you go out and buy a videocassette recorder. 购买录像机最有说服力的理由是，能够让你出门去买一台录像机。
例　The prosecutor presented a well-reasoned case, but the defense attorney's compelling arguments for leniency won over the jury. 公诉人指控的案件陈述合理，但辩方律师争取宽大处理的理由非常令人信服，成功地说服了陪审团。

compensate
compensate［'kɒmpenseɪt］
vt. 补偿，赔偿
例　He plans to follow a study program at home to compensate for his lack of college education. 他打算在家执行一项学习计划来弥补大学教育的缺失。

compete
compete［kəm'pi:t］
vi. 竞争，比得上〈同 vie, contest〉
例　When the amateur became a pro he had to compete against better men. 业余选手成为专业选手后，必须要和更强大的对手来竞争。

competent
competent　［ˈkɒmpɪtənt］
adj. 有能力的，能胜任的〈同 capable〉
例 I wouldn't say he was brilliant but he is competent at his job. 我之前并不认为他很有才华，但他对自己的工作很在行。
联 competence n. 能力，胜任

competition
competition　［ˌkɒmpəˈtɪʃən］
n. 竞争，竞赛〈同 contest〉
例 The best students in the class were in competition with each other to see who would get the highest grade. 班里最优秀的几名学生相互竞争，都想要看看谁能得到最高分。
联 competitive adj. 竞争的

compile
compile［kəm'paɪl］
vt. 汇集，编辑〈同 collect, gather〉
例　The scientists compiled a great amount of data to help prove their theory. 科学家收集了大量的数据来帮助证明他们的理论。

complacent
complacent［kəm'pleɪsənt］
adj. 自满的，得意的〈同　self-satisfied, contented〉
例　The former Olympian had grown so complacent that he neglected to train. 那位前奥运选手变得太自满，根本不重视训练。

complaint
complaint［kəm'pleɪnt］
n. 抱怨，怨言〈同 grievance, criticism〉
例　The boss had a complaint about Bill's tardiness. 老板对比尔的拖延有所抱怨。
例　The flower arrangement complements the table decorations. 花的摆放与桌饰互为补充。
例　Your choice of wine was a fine complement to the dinner. 你选择的红酒与晚餐相得益彰。

complex
complex　［ˈkɒmpleks］
adj. 复杂的，费解的；结构复杂的〈同 intricate〉
例 The experiment was very complex and involved a series of scientific methods. 这个实验很复杂，其中涉及一系列的科学方法。
n. 综合体〈同 network〉
例 A new shopping and leisure complex is being built on the edge of town. 在城市近郊，正在建造一座新的综合休闲中心。
记 com+plex（重叠交叉）→重叠交叉在一起的→复杂的
联 complexity n. 复杂（性）

complicated
complicated　［ˈkɒmplɪkeɪtɪd］
adj. 费解的，棘手的；结构复杂的〈同 intricate; circuitous〉
例 Metabolism consists of a complicated series of chemical reactions carried out by living cells. 新陈代谢是由活细胞进行的一系列复杂的化学反应构成的。
记 来自complicate（使错综复杂）
联 complication n.【医】并发症；复杂，复杂性

complication
complication［ˌkɒmplɪ'keɪʃən］
n. 复杂化；（使复杂的）因素〈同 intricacy〉
例　In spite of the complication of the problem, the mathematician solved it quickly. 尽管这个问题很复杂，那位数学家还是很快地解决了。

complicity
complicity［kəm'plɪsəti］
n. 共谋；同谋，共犯〈同　conspiracy, collusion〉
例　The broker was accused of complicity in the swindle. 那名经纪人被控为诈骗案中的同犯。

compliment
compliment［'kɒmplɪment］
n. 恭维，称赞〈同 praise〉
例　She received several compliments on her excellent performance in the play. 她表演得十分精彩，得到了一些称赞。

complimentary
complimentary［ˌkɒmplɪ'mentri］
adj. 赞美的〈同　flattering, laudatory〉
例　The professor rarely makes complimentary remarks to students. 这个教授很少对学生们说称赞的话。

comply
comply［kəm'plaɪ］
vi. 顺从，遵守（with）〈同 obey, conform to〉
例　My brother was always criticized by my parents because he did not comply with their rules. 我的弟弟不听父母的话，总是被他们批评。

component
component［kəm'pəʊnənt］
n. 成分，组成部分〈同 constituent, element〉
例　An essay question is one component of the test. 作文题是测试的一部分。

compose
compose　［kəmˈpəʊz］
vt. ① 作曲〈同 write〉
例 Mozart composed more than fifty symphonies. 莫扎特谱写了50多首交响曲。
例 The committee is composed of politicians from all parties. 这个委员会由来自各党派的政治家们组成。
联 recompose vt. 重写；重新安排

composite
composite［'kɒmpəzɪt］
adj. 合成的，复合的〈同 compound〉
例　She made a composite photograph by putting together parts of several others. 她把其他照片的部分拼凑在一起，合成了一张新的照片。
n. 综合体，合成物〈同 combination〉
例　Brass is a composite of copper and zinc. 黄铜是铜与锌的合金。

composition
composition［ˌkɒmpə'zɪʃən］
n. ① 构成，组成〈同 makeup, constitution〉
例　The design was a highly formal composition of diverse elements. 这个设计是多种元素的高度融合。
例　The student wrote a composition for her English writing class. 那个学生应英语写作课的要求写了一篇作文。

compound
compound　［ˈkɒmpaʊnd］
n. 化合物〈同 mixture〉
例 The water bottles are made from a new compound of plastics. 这种水壶由一种新型复合塑料制成。
adj. 复合的；化合的
记 com（一起）+pound（放）→放在一起→混合物

comprehend
comprehend［ˌkɒmprɪ'hend］
vt. 领悟，理解〈同　understand, grasp〉
例　My parents say they cannot comprehend today's music. 我父母说，他们无法理解当今的音乐。

comprehensive
comprehensive　［ˌkɒmprɪˈhensɪv］
adj. 全面的，综合的〈同 inclusive〉
例 This book provides a comprehensive review of verbal and math skills for the GRE. 这本书综合论述了GRE考试的语言技能与数学技能。
记 com+prehens（抓住）+ive→全部抓住的→全面的
联 comprehensible adj. 可理解的

compress
compress　［kəmˈpres］
vt. 压缩；捆；浓缩〈同 compact; concentrate〉
例 She compressed the package under her arm. 她把包裹压小，夹在腋下。
联 compression n. 浓缩，压缩；compressible adj. 可压缩的，可压榨的

compress
compress［kəm'pres］
v. 收缩；压缩
解　to press together or into a smaller space; to squeeze out; to squeeze
例　Compress your speech until only the relevant points remain. 压缩你的演讲，只保留相关的要点。
同　compressor n. 压缩机
构　com < con (=together) + press (=to press)

comprise
comprise　［kəmˈpraɪz］
vt. 包含；由…组成〈同 consist of〉
例 The committee is comprised of seven people. 委员会由七个人组成。

compromise
compromise　［ˈkɒmprəmaɪz］
n. 妥协，折中〈同 concession〉
例 The union chief was willing to reach a compromise on wages but he was intractable when it came to working conditions. 工会主席愿意就工资问题妥协，但在涉及工作环境的问题上，他却非常强硬。
记 com+promise（保证）→相互保证→妥协

compulsory
compulsory［kəm'pʌlsəri］
adj. 必须做的，被强制的〈同 mandatory〉
例　Attending school is compulsory until age sixteen. 16岁前的教育都是义务教育。

concave
concave［'kɒnkeɪv］
adj. 凹的
例　The inside of your eye is the concave side. 你的眼睛内部是凹面。

concave
concave［kɒn'keɪv］
adj. 凹的
解　curving inward
例　The inside of his eyeglasses were concave. 他的眼镜内侧是凹的。

conceal
conceal　［kənˈsiːl］
vt. 隐藏，隐瞒〈同 hide〉
例 He tried to conceal his identity by disguising his voice. 他试图通过伪装自己的嗓音来隐藏身份。

concede
concede　［kənˈsiːd］
v. 承认〈同 acknowledge〉
例 Despite all the evidence Janet had assembled, Bob refused to concede that she was right. 虽然珍妮特收集了大量证据，但鲍勃仍不承认她是对的。

concede
concede［kən'si:d］
v. ① 让步 ② 承认
解　① to make a concession; to yield ② to admit as true; acknowledge
例　I conceded that I had made a mistake. 我承认我犯了一个错误。
同　concession n. 让步；特许，特许权
构　con (=with) + ced (=to go) + e

conceive
conceive［kən'si:v］
vt. 构思；设想〈同 design, consider〉
例　She conceived a plan to expand her company's business. 她想出了一个扩大公司业务的计划。

concentrate
concentrate　［ˈkɒnsəntreɪt］
v. 集中精力，专心〈同 centralize〉
例 The police are concentrating their search in the area where the missing child was last seen. 警方将搜查范围集中在那个失踪的孩子最后被看见的区域。
联 concentration n. 集中；专心；concentrated adj. 集中的；浓缩的

concentrate
concentrate［'kɒnsentreɪt］
v. 浓缩；集中精力 n. 浓缩液
解　v. to make dense or denser; focus one's attention on sth. n. substance or solution made by concentrating
例　The student concentrated only on his studies during the examination period. 在考试期间，这名学生把所有精力都集中在学习上。
同　concentrated adj. 集中精力的；concentration n. 集中

concentric
concentric［kən'sentrɪk］
adj. 同心的
例　The target was made of concentric circles. 靶子是由同心圆组成的。

conception
conception［kən'sepʃən］
n. 观念，认识〈同 thought〉
例　We have no real conception of what people suffered during the war, because our country was not involved in it. 我们对于在战争中人们所遭受的苦难没有真切的认识，因为我们国家没有卷入战争。

concert
concert［'kɒnsət; 'kɒnsɜ:t］
n. ① 音乐会
例　The pianist will give a concert at the music hall. 那位钢琴家将在音乐厅举办一场音乐会。
例　Two countries acted in concert with each other to stop a war. 两个国家共同行动，制止了一场战争。

concession
concession　［kənˈseʃən］
n. ① 让步，迁就
例 Mum does not allow me to play my trumpet in the house, but as a concession I'm allowed to play it in the garage. 妈妈禁止我在屋子里吹喇叭，不过作为让步，她允许我在车库里吹。
例 She owns the restaurant concession that sells food in the public park. 她拥有在公园销售食物的餐厅特许经营权。
记 由concede而来，con（一起）+cede（走，承认）→同意一起走→让步

concise
concise［kən'saɪs］
adj. 简洁的，简明的〈同 succinct〉
例　In spite of the vast number of details in the United States Constitution, the document is remarkably concise. 尽管美国宪法有许多细节，但是这部宪法还是相当简明的。

concise
concise［kən'saɪs］
adj. 简洁的
解　expressing much in few words
例　Poetry is the most concise form of literature. 诗歌是一种最为凝练的文学形式。
构　con (=intensive) + cis (=to cut) + e
同　concision n. 简明，简洁

conclude
conclude［kən'klu:d］
v. ① 得结论 ② 结束
解　① to reach a conclusion after a discussion or deliberation ② to bring to a close
例　The police investigation concluded that the prisoners had escaped the jail through the sewage pipes. 警察通过调查得出了结论：囚犯是通过排污管从监狱里逃走的。

conclusive
conclusive［kən'klu:sɪv］
adj. 最后的，决定性的〈同　decisive, final〉
例　When the stolen books turned up in John's locker, we finally had conclusive evidence of the identity of the mysterious thief. 被盗的书在约翰的柜子里被发现时，我们终于有确凿的证据确认那个神秘窃贼的身份了。

conclusive
conclusive［kən'klu:sɪv］
adj. 结论性的；（事实、证据等）确凿的
解　final and deciding
例　The conclusive evidence affirmed the defendant's guilt. 确凿的证据证实了被告的罪行。

concomitant
concomitant［kən'kɒmɪtənt］
adj. 伴随的
例　Culture is not always concomitant with wealth. 文化并非总是与财富相伴而生。

concrete
concrete　［ˈkɒnkriːt］
n. 水泥〈同 cement〉
例 Dams vary in size from small rock barriers to concrete structures hundreds of feet high. 水坝的规模大小不一，既有小型的岩石屏障，也有数百英尺高的混凝土结构的大坝。
adj. 具体的；实体的〈同 tangible〉
例 Bill prefers concrete facts to abstract ideas. 比起抽象的理念，比尔更喜欢具体的事实。
记 con（共同）+crete（=cre 制造）→共同制造的物品→实体的

concrete
concrete［'kɒnkri:t］
adj. 具体的 n. 混凝土
解　adj. not abstract or imaginary n. a strong hard building material composed of sand, gravel, cement and water
例　The student used specific examples to give a concrete image of his story. 这个学生利用多个详尽的例子，使他的故事有了一个具体的形象。

concur
concur［kən'kɜ:(r)］
v. ① 同意 ② 同时发生
解　① to be in agreement ② to be in accord
例　The directors concurred to accept a new company policy that would increase professionalism. 董事会成员同意接受一项新的公司政策，这项政策可以使公司更加专业化。
同　concurrence n. 同时发生的事
构　con (=together) + cur (=to run)

concurrent
concurrent［kən'kʌrənt］
adj. 同时发生的〈同　simultaneous, coincident〉
例　Working on two concurrent projects can be very exhausting for an author. 同时从事两个项目对于一名作家来说是非常令人疲惫的。

condemn
condemn　［kənˈdem］
vt. 谴责〈同 blame〉
例 The principal condemned smoking by students at school. 校长谴责学生在学校吸烟的行为。
记 con（共同）+demn（=damn 诅咒）→大家诅咒→谴责
联 condemnation n. 谴责

condensation
condensation［ˌkɒnden'seɪʃən］
n. 压缩，浓缩〈同 compression〉
例　This 10-page summary is a condensation of a 100-page report. 这份10页的总结是一份100页报告的浓缩。

condiment
condiment［'kɒndɪmənt］
n. 调味品〈同　seasoning, flavoring〉
例　The only condiment I like on my hamburgers is mustard. 我喜欢在汉堡包上添加的唯一一种佐料是芥末。

conducive
conducive［kən'dju:sɪv］
adj. 有助于…的
解　helpful; contributing to
例　Exercise and proper eating habits are conducive to good health. 锻炼和合理的饮食习惯有益健康。
近　seductive adj. 诱人的，有魅力的
构　con (=together) + duc (=to lead) + ive

conductor
conductor［kən'dʌktə(r)］
n. 指挥家，乐队指挥
解　the person who leads a musical group; director of an orchestra, chorus, etc.
例　The conductor waved his arms around in the air as the symphony played on. 随着交响乐开始演奏，指挥家在空中挥舞着手臂。

confederate
confederate［kən'fedəreɪt］
n. 同盟者，盟友〈同　ally, collaborator〉
例　The criminal recruited a confederate to help rob the bank. 那名罪犯招募了一名同伙，来帮助他抢劫银行。

confer
confer［kən'fɜ:(r)］
v. ① 颁给，赋予（on）〈同 bestow〉
例　The President of Harvard University conferred a doctorate on the distinguished politician. 哈佛大学校长授予这位著名的政治家博士头衔。
例　One should confer with one's elders before making a big decision. 在做重大决定之前应该和前辈商量一下。

conference
conference［'kɒnfərəns］
n. 会议；协商会，讨论会〈同 meeting, discussion〉
例　A conference was called to discuss getting a playground for the school. 为了讨论给学校建操场的事情召开了一次会议。

confess
confess　［kənˈfes］
vt. 坦白，承认 vi. 承认错误，认罪〈同 acknowledge〉
例 Janet confessed that she had told a lie. 珍妮特承认自己撒了谎。
联 confession n. 承认，招供

confidant
confidant［ˌkɒnfɪ'dænt］
n. 心腹朋友，知己
解　trusted friend
例　She had many friends but only one confidant to whom she recounted her deepest secrets. 她有许多朋友，但是只有一个知心朋友可以用来倾诉她心里最深处的秘密。
同　confidante n. 知心女友

confide
confide［kən'faɪd］
vt. 吐露（心事），倾诉〈同　disclose, reveal〉
例　When they were children, she always confided her problems to her big sister. 她们还是小孩子的时候，她总是把自己的问题说给姐姐听。

confident
confident　［ˈkɒnfɪdənt］
adj. 有信心的，自信的〈同 assured〉
例 Tom does not seem confident when he speaks in public. 汤姆在公共场合说话时，似乎不够自信。
记 con+fid（相信）+ent→相信（自己）→自信的
联 confidence n. 信心；overconfident adj. 过于自信的，自负的

confident
confident［'kɒnfɪdənt］
adj. 自信的，有信心的
解　sure of oneself
例　Willie was so confident that he had passed the exam that he did not even bother to check the answers before handing in his answer sheet. 威利对通过考试十分有把握，甚至在交答卷之前都没有检查一下。
同　confidence n. 信心；self-confident adj. 有自信的
构　con (=completely) + fid (=trust) + ent

confidential
confidential［ˌkɒnfɪ'denʃəl］
adj. 秘密的，机密的〈同 secret〉
例　Only highly trusted employees could read the confidential report. 只有非常可信的雇员才能看这份机密报告。

confidential
confidential［ˌkɒnfɪ'denʃəl］
adj. 机密的
解　told or written as a secret
例　Only highly trusted employees could look at the confidential report. 只有被高度信任的员工才能看这份机密报告。
构　con (=completely) + fid (=trust) + ential

configuration
configuration［kənˌfɪgə'reɪʃən; (US)kənˌfɪgjʊ'reɪʃən］
n. 轮廓，构形〈同 outline〉
例　Geographers study the configuration of the surface of the earth. 地理学家研究地球表面的地形构造。

confine
confine　［kənˈfaɪn］
vt. 限制〈同 limit〉
例 Please confine your comments to the topic assigned. 请在指定的主题范围内作评论。
联 confining adj. 狭窄的；confinement n. 限制，禁闭

confine
confine［kən'faɪn］
vt. 限制，禁闭
解　to keep within limits; to restrict; to keep in; to shut in
例　The farmer confined the pigs with a fence so they wouldn' t run away. 农夫把猪关在栅栏里，这样它们就不会跑掉。
同　confinement n. 监禁
构　con (=together) + fin (=end) + e

confirm
confirm　［kənˈfɜːm］
vt. 证实，使…更坚定〈同 verify, corroborate〉
例 Years of research confirmed the theory that smoking is harmful. 持续数年的研究证实了吸烟有害健康的理论。
联 confirmation n. 确认，证实；confirmable adj. 可以确定的

conflict
conflict　［ˈkɒnflɪkt］
n. 争论；冲突〈同 fight〉
例 Many citizens were killed in an armed conflict with a neighboring country. 许多平民在与邻国的武装冲突中丧生。
联 conflicting adj. 相冲突的，相矛盾的

confluence
confluence［'kɒnflʊəns］
n. 汇合；聚集〈同　conflux; throng〉
例　Mighty rivers often come into being at the confluence of several small streams. 气势磅礴的河流往往是由许多小溪流汇集而成的。

confluence
confluence［'kɒnflʊəns］
n. 汇流处；合流，汇流
解　the place where two things come together; a flowing together
例　The land near the confluence of the river would often get flooded when it rained heavily. 当雨下得很大时，河流汇合点附近的这片土地经常被淹没。
构　con (=together) + flu (=to flow) + ence

conform
conform［kən'fɔ:m］
vi. 遵守，顺从；符合（to）〈同 comply with, follow〉
例　Every member must conform to the rules of our club. 每位会员必须遵守我们社团的规章制度。

conform
conform［kən'fɔ:m］
v. 使一致；遵守，顺从
解　to obey or be in accordance with established rules
例　The professor told the students blatantly that they can either conform to his rules or fail. 教授明确告诉学生，如果他们不遵从他制定的规则就会不及格。
同　conformity n. 符合，一致；遵从

conformist
conformist［kən'fɔ:mɪst］
n. 遵奉习俗者，墨守成规的人
解　someone who conforms to established standards of conduct
例　He was not a conformist and refused to follow the status quo. 他不是一个墨守成规的人，拒绝维持现状。
同　nonconformist n. 我行我素的人，不遵循社会常规的人 adj. 不遵循社会常规的

confront
confront　［kənˈfrʌnt］
vt.（使）面对，正视〈同 face〉
例 If you confront your problems honestly and openly, instead of trying to hide them, you will have a better chance of solving them. 如果你真诚地、坦率地面对问题，而不是试图隐藏它们，你就更有机会解决这些问题。
记 con（共同）+front（面，前面）→共同面对→(使）面对，正视
联 confrontation n. 对抗

confront
confront［kən'frʌnt］
v. ① 面对，面临 ② 对抗
解　① to be or come face to face with ② to be opposite to
例　If you confront your problems honestly and openly, instead of trying to hide them, you will have a better chance of solving them. 如果你诚实、坦然地面对自己的问题，而不是试图隐瞒它们，那么你解决这些问题的可能性就更大。
同　confrontation n. 对抗
构　con (=together) + front (=forehead, face)

confuse
confuse　［kənˈfjuːz］
vt. 搞乱，使糊涂〈同 disorient, mix up〉
例 The teacher's question confused him. 老师的问题令他迷惑不解。
联 confusion n. 混乱，混淆

congenial
congenial［kən'ʤi:nɪəl］
adj.（因性情、志趣等相近而）彼此合得来的；适意的〈同　compatible; agreeable〉
例　My father loved to go out for a meal with congenial companions. 我爸爸过去喜欢和意气相投的朋友一起出去吃饭。

congenial
congenial［kən'ʤi:niəl］
adj. 意气相投的
解　having similar tastes and interests; getting on well together
例　Congenial companions made the trip pleasant. 意气相投的伙伴使旅途变得愉快。
构　con (=with) + gen (=birth) + ial

congestion
congestion［kən'ʤestʃən］
n. 拥挤，拥塞〈同　overcrowding〉
例　I always take the bus to work because the congestion in the city makes it difficult to find a parking place. 我总是乘公共汽车去上班，因为城市的交通拥堵使得寻找一个停车位变得非常困难。

congratulation
congratulation［kənˌgrætjʊ'leɪʃən］
n. 祝贺，道喜
例　I sent a card of congratulation to the newly married couple. 我给这对新婚夫妇发了一张祝福贺卡。

congregate
congregate［'kɒŋgrɪgeɪt］
v. 聚集〈同　assemble, gather〉
例　Each morning the staff at work congregate around the coffee pot. 每天早上，员工们都聚集在咖啡壶周围。

congregate
congregate［'kɒŋɡrɪɡeɪt］
v. 聚集，集合
解　to move together
例　Everyone at the bar congregated around the big-screen TV when the football game started. 足球比赛开始的时候，酒吧里的所有人都聚集在了大屏幕电视机前。
同　congregation n. 聚集；集会；集合在一起的群众
近　conglomerate adj. 成团的 v. 聚集

congress
congress　［ˈkɒŋɡres］
n. 国会，议会
例 Congress has rejected the recent presidential proposal on firearms. 国会驳回了总统最近提出的关于武器问题的提案。
联 congressional adj. 国会的；congressman n. 国会议员

conjecture
conjecture［kən'ʤektʃə(r)］
n./v. 推测，猜想〈同　guess, supposition〉
例　They were predicting that it would snow, but it was nothing more than conjecture. 他们预计即将下雪，然而这只不过是猜测而已。

conjunction
conjunction　［kənˈʤʌŋkʃən］
n. 联合，关联〈同 combination〉
例 There is a team of writers working in conjunction with each other on the book. 有一批作家正在齐心协力完成这本书。

conjure
conjure［'kʌnʤə(r)］
v. ① 变魔术，变戏法 ② 使某物浮现于脑际
解　① to influence or effect by or as if by magic ② to make sth. appear as a picture in the mind
例　Her grandfather taught her to conjure. 她的祖父教她变魔术。
构　con (=together) + jur (=to swear) + e

connoisseur
connoisseur［ˌkɒnə'sɜ:(r)］
n. 鉴赏家，行家〈同　specialist, expert〉
例　She had developed into a connoisseur of fine china. 她已经成为一名精美瓷器的鉴赏家。

conquer
conquer　［ˈkɒŋkə(r)］
vt. 征服，战胜〈同 defeat〉
例 Bill finally conquered his bad habit of laughing during sad movies. 比尔最终克服了在看悲剧电影时大笑的坏习惯。

conquest
conquest　［ˈkɒnkwest］
n. 征服
例 The country's wild ambition for the conquest of the world made all of its neighbors nervous. 这个国家征服世界的野心，令所有周边国家非常紧张。

conquest
conquest［'kɒŋkwest］
n. 征服
解　the act of conquering
例　The famous Mongolian warrior's military campaign had a history of countless conquests. 这个著名的蒙古勇士战功显赫，征服的地方数不胜数。
近　conquer v. 征服
构　con (=together) + quest (=to seek)

conscience
conscience　［ˈkɒnʃəns］
n. 良心，良知
例 My conscience made me help the poor old lady. 出于良知，我帮助了那位贫困的老妇人。
联 conscientious adj. 尽职尽责的

conscientious
conscientious［ˌkɒnʃɪ'enʃəs］
adj. 尽责的，一丝不苟的〈同 responsible, reliable〉
例　Conscientious work is careful and exact. 认真尽责的工作意味着细心和准确。

conscious
conscious　［ˈkɒnʃəs］
adj. ① 有意识的，神志清醒的〈同 awake〉
例 I fainted briefly but was conscious again in a few seconds. 我突然晕倒，但在几秒钟之后又恢复了意识。
例 Human should be more conscious of the influence they have on ecosystems. 人类应该更加意识到自己对于生态系统的影响。
记 con（共同）+sci（知道）+ous→知道的→有意识的
联 consciousness n. 意识，知觉；unconscious adj. 不省人事的；未发觉的，无意识的；subconscious adj. 潜意识的

consecutive
consecutive［kən'sekjʊtɪv］
adj. 连续的〈同 successive, sequential〉
例　He was reelected for four consecutive terms. 他又连着当选了四次。

consensus
consensus［kən'sensəs］
n. 意见一致〈同 agreement〉
例　The council reached a consensus on the date of the election. 委员会就选举日期达成一致。

consent
consent［kən'sent］
n./vi. 同意，赞同〈同 approval, agree〉
例　You need the principal's consent to leave campus. 你得到校长的同意才可以离开学校。

consequence
consequence　［ˈkɒnsɪkwəns; (US)ˈkɒnsəkwens］
n. 结果，后果〈同 result〉
例 I missed the bus this morning and as a consequence I was late for work. 我今天早上没有赶上公共汽车，结果上班迟到了。
联 consequent adj. 作为结果的，随之发生的；consequently adv. 从而，因此

consequence
consequence［'kɒnsɪkwəns］
n. ① 结果 ② 重要的地位
解　① a result or effect ② importance
例　The consequence of the fall was a broken leg. 这次跌倒的后果是把腿摔断了。
构　con (=with) + sequ (=to follow) + ence

consequent
consequent［'kɒnsɪkwənt］
adj. 作为结果的，随之发生的〈同 resulting〉
例　His long illness and consequent absence put him far behind in his work. 他久病请假，使他的工作落后了许多。

consequential
consequential［ˌkɒnsɪ'kwenʃəl］
adj. 重要的；产生后果的
解　having important issues or results
例　Ben Franklin was a consequential figure in the American history. 本·富兰克林是美国历史上的一个重要的人物。
构　con (=with) + sequ (=to follow) + ential

conservation
conservation　［ˌkɒnsəˈveɪʃən］
n. 保存，保持，保护〈同 preservation〉
例 The government encourages the conservation of natural gas. 政府鼓励大家节约使用天然气。
联 conservationist n. 自然资源保护论者

conservative
conservative　［kənˈsɜːvətɪv］
adj. 保守的，谨慎的；守旧的〈同 cautious〉
例 The builder's conservative estimate of the time required to remodel the kitchen was six weeks. 施工人员对改造厨房所需时间的保守估计是六周。
记 con+serv(e)（保持）+ative→保守的
联 conservatism n. 保守主义，守旧性

conserve
conserve［kən'sɜ:v］
vt. 保存，保藏〈同 preserve〉
例　An experienced backpacker can give you many suggestions for conserving energy on a long, tough hike. 一位经验丰富的背包客可以在长途跋涉方面给你很多保存体力的建议。

considerable
considerable　［kənˈsɪdərəbəl］
adj. 相当大（或多）的；值得考虑的；可观的〈同 significant, great〉
例 The car accident left the driver in a considerable amount of pain. 车祸给司机带来了相当大的痛苦。
联 considerably adv. 相当地

considerate
considerate　［kənˈsɪdərət］
adj. 考虑周到的，体贴的〈同 thoughtful〉
例 Penny is considerate. She's always doing favors for people. 彭妮非常体贴。她总是在帮助别人。
记 来自consider（考虑）
联 consideration n. 体谅；考虑

consist
consist　［kənˈsɪst］
vi. 由…组成（of）〈同 be made up of〉
例 My dinner consists of roast beef, potatoes, and broccoli. 我的晚餐包括烤牛肉、土豆和西兰花。

consistent
consistent　［kənˈsɪstənt］
adj. 一致的；稳定的，变化少的〈同 regular〉
例 The witness's description of the accident is consistent with what the police guess. 目击者对事故的描述与警方的猜测完全一致。
联 consistency n. 一致性，连贯性；consistently adv. 一贯地

consolidate
consolidate［kən'sɒlɪdeɪt］
v. ① 巩固〈同 strengthen〉
例　The political party consolidated its power by winning many state elections. 该政党赢得很多州的选票，巩固了势力。
例　If we consolidate our efforts, we'll get the job done much faster. 如果我们共同努力，就会更早地完成这项工作。

consonant
consonant［'kɒnsənənt］
adj. 协调一致的〈同　compatible, harmonious〉
例　The decision to construct a new gymnasium was consonant with the superintendent's belief in physical education. 建造一座新体育馆的决定，符合校长关于体育教育的理念。

consort
consort［kən'sɔ:t］
vi. 陪伴，结交〈同　associate, join〉
例　We frequently judge people by the friends with whom they consort. 我们经常根据一个人结交的朋友来评判他。

conspicuous
conspicuous［kən'spɪkjʊəs］
adj. 显著的；显眼的，引人注目的〈同 noticeable〉
例　With everyone else dressed in colorful party clothes, my old blue jeans were painfully conspicuous. 其他人都穿了艳丽的礼服，和他们在一起，我旧旧的蓝色牛仔裤特别扎眼。

conspiracy
conspiracy［kən'spɪrəsi］
n. 阴谋〈同　plot, intrigue〉
例　The investigators uncovered a conspiracy to steal government funds. 调查人员揭露了一个盗用政府资金的阴谋。

constant
constant　［ˈkɒnstənt］
adj.（恒久）不变的，持续的；一再重复的〈同 invariable〉
例 I can't sleep because of the constant noise of the cars and trucks in the street. 我睡不着，因为大街上不断传来汽车和卡车的噪音。
记 con（始终）+stant（站，立）→始终站着的→(恒久）不变的
联 inconstant adj. 变化无常的；constancy n. 不变，不屈不挠

constellation
constellation［ˌkɒnstə'leɪ∫ən］
n. ①星座
例　It was so cloudy we couldn't see any of the constellations. 今天多云，我们看不到天上的任何星座。
例　Gathered here tonight at this annual ceremony we have a whole constellation of film stars. 在今晚的周年庆典上，聚集了一群电影明星。

constituent
constituent［kən'stɪtjʊənt］
n. ① 成分，要素〈同 component, ingredient〉
例　Hydrogen and oxygen are the constituents of water. 氢和氧是水的成分。
例　As a senator he was excellent—always talking to his constituents and listening to their problems. 这位参议员很优秀，他总是耐心与选民交谈并认真聆听他们的问题。

constitution
constitution　［ˌkɒnstɪˈtjuːʃən］
n. 组织；宪法
例 The United States Constitution mandates two houses of Congress so that the large states will not be disproportionately represented. 美国宪法规定国会由两院组成，以免一些大州的代表比例过高。
派 constitutional adj. 宪法的；章程的

constrain
constrain［kən'streɪn］
vt. 限制，抑制；约束；关押〈同 restrain〉
例　Bill tried to constrain a cough during the lecture. 上课时比尔尽量忍着不咳嗽。

constrict
constrict［kən'strɪkt］
vt. ①约束；使放慢（或停止）〈同　limit, restrict〉
例　Dead trees constricted the stream. 枯树堵塞了溪流。
例　The tight shirt collar constricted my throat. 过紧的衬衫衣领勒着我的喉咙。

construct
construct［kən'strʌkt］
vt. 建造；创立〈同 build〉
例　Eye witness reports constructed a detailed description of the man. 目击者的报告构成了有关此人相貌的一幅详图。

consult
consult　［kənˈsʌlt］
vt. 咨询，请教〈同 confer〉
例 I consulted the weather report before planning the picnic. 在制订野餐计划之前，我先查询了天气预报。
联 consultant n. 顾问，咨询者；consultation n. 请教，咨询

consume
consume［kən'sju:m; (US)kən'su:m］
vt. 消费，消耗；大吃大喝〈同 devour, eat〉
例　At our Thanksgiving dinner, we consumed an entire turkey. 感恩节晚餐我们吃了一整只火鸡。

contact
contact　［ˈkɒntækt］
vt. 使接触，与…联系〈同 get in touch with〉
例 I contacted Bill to see how he was doing. 我联系了比尔，看看他过得怎么样。

contagious
contagious［kən'teɪʤəs］
adj. 传染性的；有感染力的〈同　infectious; catching〉
例　Viruses and bacteria may spread contagious diseases. 病毒和细菌可能传播传染病。

contaminate
contaminate［kən'tæmɪneɪt］
vt. 弄脏，污染；感染〈同 pollute, taint〉
例　The wound was contaminated by bacteria. 伤口受到了细菌感染。

contemplate
contemplate［'kɒntempleɪt］
v. 注视；沉思，（对…做）周密考虑〈同 ponder〉
例　Please contemplate my request before answering. 答复之前请认真考虑下我的请求。

contemporary
contemporary　［kənˈtempərəri］
adj. 当代的，现代的〈同 modern〉
例 She was able to interpret centuries-old texts through a contemporary context. 她能够通过当代语境解释几个世纪之前的文字。
n. 同代人，同龄人
例 Two people I admire greatly—Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy—were contemporaries born within a few years of each other. 我最敬佩的两个人——马丁•路德•金与罗伯特•F.肯尼迪——是同一时代的人，两人只相差几岁。
记 con（共同）+tempor（时间）+ary→时间相同→同代人

contempt
contempt［kən'tempt］
n. 轻视，蔑视〈同 scorn〉
例　I have great contempt for people who hurt others. 我特别鄙视伤害别人的人。

contend
contend［kən'tend］
vi. 斗争，竞争〈同 fight〉
例　Two chimpanzees contended for one banana. 两只黑猩猩为争一根香蕉打了起来。

content
content
例 Many processed foods have a high sugar content. 许多加工食品的含糖量过高。
例 After a good meal and good conversation, we were all content. 我们美美地吃了一顿，聊得也很开心，全都心满意足。
联 contented adj. 满足的，心安的

contest
contest　［ˈkɒntest］
n. 论争，竞赛〈同 competition〉
例 Christine's class entered a math contest with Mary's class. 克里斯蒂娜的班级与玛丽的班级进行了一次数学竞赛。
联 contestant n. 参赛者

context
context　［ˈkɒntekst］
n. 上下文，语境〈同 circumstance〉
例 It is easier to tell the meaning of a word from its context than to do this just from a word list. 在语境中猜一个单词的意思比在单词表中容易。
记 con（共同）+text（文字）→接在一起的文字→上下文，语境

contiguous
contiguous［kən'tɪgjʊəs］
adj. 接近的，接壤的〈同　abutting, next to〉
例　The two countries are contiguous for a few miles. 这两个国家有数英里的边境接壤。

continuity
continuity［ˌkɒntɪ'njʊ:ɪti; (US)ˌkɑntə'nu:ɪti］
n.（时间、空间上的）连续性，连贯性〈同 coherence〉
例　The continuity of her talk was broken when the telephone rang. 电话铃声打断了她的讲话。

continuum
continuum［kən'tɪnjʊəm］
n. 连续体〈同　sequence, succession〉
例　The spectrum is a continuum of color from red to violet. 光谱是从红色到紫色的各种颜色的连续体。

contour
contour［'kɒntʊə(r)］
n. 轮廓〈同　configuration, outline〉
例　I could just make out the contours of the house in the dark. 在黑暗中，我只能隐约看见房子的轮廓。

contract
contract
例 Metal contracts as it cools. 金属冷却时体积会缩小。
例 His firm has contracted to supply all the furniture for the new building. 他的公司承包了为新大楼提供所有家具的业务。
例 I signed a contract for the purchase of a new car. 我签署了一份购买新车的合同。
记 con（共同）+tract（拉）→拉到一起→收缩；立合同
联 contraction n. 缩短，收缩

contradict
contradict［ˌkɒntrə'dɪkt］
vt. 同…矛盾，同…抵触；提出反对意见〈同 confront〉
例　His mean actions contradicted his fine words. 他的卑劣行径与甜言蜜语互相矛盾。

contradict
contradict［ˌkɒntrə'dɪkt］
vt. 同…矛盾，同…冲突
解　to be contrary to; to disagree with
例　The defendant contradicted his words and was accused of perjury. 被告的陈述与之前的供词相矛盾，被指控作伪证。
同　contradiction n. 矛盾
构　contra (=against) + dict (=to say)

contradictory
contradictory［ˌkɒntrə'dɪktəri］
adj. 自相矛盾的
解　in disagreement
例　Her contradictory statements raised suspicion of her honesty. 她自相矛盾的陈述让人对她的诚实起了怀疑。

contrary
contrary［'kɒntrəri］
adj. 相反的；对抗的〈同 opposite〉
例　Contrary to the advertisement, this cleanser does not remove tough stains. 与广告宣传的效果不同，这种清洁剂并不能去除顽固污渍。

contrast
contrast
例 Today's rain is a sharp contrast to yesterday's sunshine. 今天的降雨与昨天的阳光明媚形成了鲜明对比。
例 The mansion contrasted with the small houses that surrounded it. 这栋大厦与周围的小房子形成鲜明对比。

contrast
contrast［'kɒntrɑ:st］n.［kən'trɑ:st］v. 对比，对照
解　n. a great difference v. to compare (two things) so as to show their differences
例　Her dark hair is a sharp contrast to her sister's light hair. 她的深色头发和她姐姐的浅色头发形成了鲜明的对比。

contravene
contravene［ˌkɒntrə'vi:n］
v. 违背 （法规、习俗等）
解　go against rules and laws
例　The rebellious student contravened the school's formal uniform policy and attended class in casual clothes. 这名叛逆的学生违背学校要求统一着装的规定，穿着休闲服就来上课了。
近　intervene v. 介入，干涉
构　contra (=against) + vene (=to come)

contrive
contrive［kən'traɪv］
v. 设计，发明；策划，图谋〈同 invent, plot〉
例　He contrived an illness to miss a day of school. 他装病请假不去学校。

controversial
controversial［ˌkɒntrə'vɜ:ʃəl］
adj. 引起（或可能引起）争论的〈同 disputable〉
例　The controversial bill was passed by a narrow vote. 在投票中，这项有争议的议案以微小的差异获得通过。

controversy
controversy　［kənˈtrɒvəsi; ˈkɒntrəvɜːsi］
n. 争论，辩论〈同 contention〉
例 There was a big controversy over the use of drugs in athletics. 对于竞技体育中的药物使用还存在巨大的争议。
联 controversial adj. 争论的，争议的

convenient
convenient　［kənˈviːnɪənt］
adj. 便利的；方便的〈同 suitable〉
例 Tom picked a convenient time to come for a visit. 汤姆选择了一个方便的时间过来参观。
联 convenience n. 便利，方便

convention
convention　［kənˈvenʃən］
n. 会议；传统〈同 conference; tradition〉
例 The medical association usually holds a large convention in a major city. 这个医学会通常都会在一个大城市召开大型会议。
例 The convention was held to discuss new things in medicine. 会议的目的是讨论医学中的新进展。
联 conventional adj. 传统的，习俗的；unconventional adj. 非传统的

converge
converge［kən'vɜ:ʤ］
vi. 聚合，集中于一点，会聚〈同 meet, come together〉
例　At first, the two candidates disagreed on every issue, but as the campaign went on, their opinions seemed to converge. 起初，两位候选人在每个议题上意见都不同，但随着竞选的持续，他们的观点似乎越来越趋于一致。

convert
convert　［kənˈvɜːt］
vt. 转换；转变信仰〈同 change〉
例 I converted the spare bedroom into a study. 我将空着的卧室改成了书房。

convex
convex［'kɒnveks］
adj. 凸出的〈同　bulging〉
例　He polished the convex lens of his telescope. 他擦亮了望远镜的凸透镜。

convict
convict　［kənˈvɪkt］
vt. 证明…有罪，宣告…有罪
例 The attorney declined the client because he believed that the client would be convicted of the crime he was charged with. 律师拒绝了那位客户，因为他认为那位客户被指控的罪名可能成立。
联 conviction n. 被判有罪；说服

convince
convince　［kənˈvɪns］
vt. 使确信，使信服〈同 persuade〉
例 He managed to convince the jury of his innocence. 他设法让陪审团相信自己是无辜的。
联 convincing adj. 令人信服的；unconvincing adj. 不足以令人相信的

convivial
convivial［kən'vɪvɪəl］
adj. 欢乐的，快乐的〈同　festive〉
例　Can you think of anything more pleasant than to spend Thanksgiving with a large and convivial family group? 除了与快乐的大家庭共度感恩节以外，你还能想出更令人愉快的事情吗？

convivial
convivial［kən'vɪvɪəl］
adj. 欢宴的，欢乐的
解　merry; festive
例　The convivial celebrators of the victory sang their college songs. 庆祝胜利的人们欢快地唱起了他们大学的校歌。
构　con (=together) + viv (=to live) + ial

cooperate
cooperate　［kəʊˈɒpəreɪt］
vi. 合作〈同 collaborate〉
例 Everyone in the class cooperated to do the science experiment. 班里所有人合作来进行科学实验。
联 cooperation n. 合作，协作；cooperative adj. 合作的，协力的

coordinate
coordinate　［kəʊˈɔːdɪneɪt］
vt. 使…协调，相配合〈同 integrate〉
例 He is always wearing clothes that don't coordinate. 他的衣着总是不协调。
联 coordination n. 协调，调和

cope
cope［kəʊp］
vi.（善于）应付，（善于）处理〈同 manage successfully〉
例　She was busy but she was still able to cope with the extra work. 她很忙，但仍然可以应付额外的工作。

cordial
cordial［'kɔ:dɪəl; (US)'kɔ:rʤəl］
adj. 热情而真诚的；友好的〈同 hearty, friendly〉
例　He was not very cordial to his girlfriend's former boyfriend. 他对他女朋友的前男友不大友好。

corps
corps［kɔ:(r)］
n. 军团，兵团
例　Janet worked for the Peace Corps for two years in North America. 珍妮特在北美洲的美国和平队工作了两年。

correlate
correlate［'kɒrɪleɪt］
vt. 使相互关联；使相互影响〈同 relate〉
例　Increasing cancer rates appear to correlate with rising levels of pollution. 癌症发病率的攀升似乎和环境污染日益严重相关。

correspond
correspond　［ˌkɒrəˈspɒnd; (US)ˌkɔːrəˈspɒnd］
vi. 符合，协调；通信〈同 match; communicate by letters〉
例 The peak on this graph corresponds to an increase in sales last year. 图表中的最高点对应去年销售量的增长。
联 corresponding adj. 相应的；correspondence n. 通信；相应，对应；correspondent n. 通讯记者

correspondence
correspondence［ˌkɒrɪ'spɒndəns］
n. ① 通信；信件〈同 message, mail〉
例　Jane saved all of her grandmother's correspondence for years. 简保存了多年来祖母的所有信件。
例　Your account of the accident has little correspondence with the story the other driver told. 你对故事的描述与另一位司机的讲述几乎完全不同。

corrode
corrode［kə'rəʊd］
v.（受）腐蚀，（受）侵蚀〈同 erode〉
例　Acid will corrode certain types of metal. 酸性物质会腐蚀某些金属。

corrupt
corrupt［kə'rʌpt］
v.（使）堕落，（向…）行贿〈同 degrade〉
例　Bad companions may corrupt a person. 品行不端的伙伴可能会毁掉一个人。
adj. 堕落的；不诚实的；贪污受贿的〈同 dishonorable〉
例　The corrupt police officer took bribes. 这个腐败的警官接受了贿赂。

cosmic
cosmic［'kɒzmɪk］
adj. 宇宙的
例　Some people believe that what happens in their lives is influenced by cosmic forces. 有些人认为他们生命中所发生的事是受到了宇宙力量的影响。

cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan［ˌkɒzmə'pɒlɪtən］
adj. 世界性的，全球（各地）的〈同　worldwide〉
例　With a population made up of people from many different lands, New York City is one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the world. 纽约市的人口由来自许多不同地域的人群组成，是世界上最国际化的大都市之一。

costly
costly［'kɒstli］
adj. 昂贵的〈同 of great value〉
例　Janet paid a costly salary to hire an American teacher to help her improve her English. 珍妮特高薪聘请了一位美国老师来帮她提高英语水平。

costume
costume［'kɒstju:m; (US)'kɒstu:m］
n. 服装〈同 attire〉
例　The actors in the play had beautiful costumes. 剧中的演员们穿着好看的服装。

couch
couch［kaʊtʃ］
n. 长椅，长沙发〈同 sofa〉
例　A couch refers to a long seat, usually upholstered and having a back and arms. 长沙发都有长长的座位，通常装软垫，并且有靠背和扶手。
vt.（用语言）表达〈同 express〉
例　His thoughts were couched in beautiful language. 他用优美的语言表达了自己的想法。

council
council　［ˈkaʊnsəl］
n. 理事会，委员会；地方议会
例 The town council meets twice a month. 市议会每两个月召开一次会议。

counsel
counsel　［ˈkaʊnsəl］
n./vt. 劝告〈同 advice/advise; suggestion/suggest〉
例 The young man refused to listen to his sister's counsel. 那个年轻人拒绝听从姐姐的忠告。
联 counseling n.（对个人、社会以及心理等问题的）咨询服务；counselor n. 顾问；法律顾问

counteract
counteract［ˌkaʊntər'ækt］
vt. 消除，抵消〈同　negate, act against〉
例　She tries to counteract her former rudeness by being especially polite now. 为了消除之前的粗鲁无礼（的形象），她现在特别有礼貌。

counterargument
counterargument［'kaʊntəˌɑ:gjʊmənt］
n. 辩论，抗辩
解　an argument in opposition to another
例　The winning team of the debate contest had the best arguments and counterarguments. 这场辩论赛的获胜队拥有最好的论据和反论据。
同　argue v. 争论，争辩；argument n. 争论；论（据、证、点）；argumentative adj. 好争辩的

counterfeit
counterfeit［'kaʊntəfɪt］
vt. 伪造，仿造〈同　forge〉
例　Advances in photocopying technology allow criminals with no printing expertise to easily counterfeit paper currency. 随着复印技术的发展，没有任何印刷专业技术的罪犯也很容易就能伪造纸币。
adj. 伪造的，假冒的〈同　bogus, fake〉
例　The bank refused to take the counterfeit money. 银行拒绝接收假币。

counterfeit
counterfeit［'kaʊntəfɪt］
v. 伪造，仿造 n. 伪造物；伪钞
解　v. to make a copy of with the intent to deceive
n. a copy that is presented as the original
例　This twenty-dollar bill looks genuine, but it is really a counterfeit. 这张20美元的钞票看起来很像真的，但其实是假钞。
近　forfeit v. 丧失，被罚没收 n. 丧失物；surfeit n. 过多，过度，过饱 v. 使吃饱
构　counter (=against) + feit (=to make)

countermand
countermand［ˌkaʊntə'mɑ:nd］
v. 取消订货；撤回（命令）
解　to withdraw or cancel (an order or command)
例　The general countermanded the air strike when it was discovered that the target had many innocent civilians. 当发现袭击地点有很多无辜的平民时，将军下令取消了空袭。
构　counter (=against) + mand (=to order)

countermand
countermand［ˌkaʊntə'mɑ:nd］
v. 取消订货；撤回（命令）
解　to withdraw or cancel (an order or command)
例　Since Greg was late for work, he countermanded his order for a steak and ate a sandwich instead. 由于上班迟到了，格雷格取消了牛排的订单，改吃三明治了。
构　counter (=against) + mand (=to order)

counterpart
counterpart［'kaʊntəpɑ:t］
n. 相似的人或物，配对物〈同 match〉
例　She's my counterpart in our New York office. 她在我们纽约办事处的职位和我的职位相当。

countless
countless［'kaʊtlɪs］
adj. 无数的〈同　innumerable, infinite〉
例　He reminded her countless times not to forget her umbrella, but she forgot. 他无数次提醒她别忘了带伞，可她还是忘了。

courier
courier［'kʊrɪə(r)］
n. 送急件的人，信使〈同　messenger, carrier〉
例　The publisher sent a special courier to pick up the manuscript. 出版公司派了一名专门的快递员来取手稿。

court
court［kɔ:t］
n. 法庭；球场
例　I have to go to court today to give evidence in a trial. 我今天得去法庭为审讯作证。
vt. 向…献殷勤，追求；设法获得（他人的支持等）〈同　woo, pursue〉
例　He's been courting her for two years but there's no sign of them getting married yet. 两年以来，他一直在向她献殷勤，但他们没有任何要结婚的迹象。

courtesy
courtesy［'kɜ:təsi］
n. 礼貌，谦恭〈同 civility〉
例　It is a sign of courtesy to give one's seat to another person on a crowded bus. 在拥挤的公共汽车上给人让座是一种有礼貌的表现。

cover
cover［'kʌvə(r)］
vt. ①覆盖
例　During cold winter nights, we cover ourselves with thick quilts. 在寒冷的冬夜，我们都盖着厚棉被。
例　The essay covered many topics such as biology, psychology, and religion. 这篇论文涉及许多话题，例如生物学、心理学和宗教。
例　The reporter covered the whole story of the President's affair. 记者报道了总统事件的始末。

coward
coward［'kaʊəd］
n. 懦弱的人，胆小的人
例　Mr. Black is a coward; he is easily scared by others' threats. 布莱克先生是个胆小鬼；他很容易被别人的威胁吓到。

cowhand
cowhand［'kaʊhænd］
n. 牛仔，牧牛工
例　Harold worked as a cowhand during the summer and learned how to ride horses. 哈罗德在夏天当牛仔，还学会了如何骑马。

cozy
cozy［'kəʊzi］
adj. 温暖舒适的，惬意的〈同　comfortable, relaxing〉
例　Sitting in front of a fire on a snowy day is quite cozy. 下雪天坐在火炉前非常温暖舒适。

crack
crack　［kræk］
n. 裂缝，裂纹；缺点〈同 fault〉
例 That drinking glass has a crack in it. 那个玻璃杯上有一道裂纹。
v.（使）爆裂；裂开〈同 split〉
例 Don't put boiling water into that glass, or it'll crack. 不要把沸水倒进那只玻璃杯里，否则杯子会裂的。

craft
craft　［krɑːft; (US)kræft］
n. 手艺；容器〈同 art; vessel〉
例 He knew the craft of making furniture. 他了解制作家具的工艺。
vt. 巧手制作
例 He crafts fine furniture by hand. 他能手工制作精美的家具。
联 craftspeople n. 手工艺人；hovercraft n. 气垫船；aircraft n. 航行器；飞机；spacecraft n. 太空船

cram
cram［kræm］
v. 填塞；匆忙准备（考试）〈同　pack; study〉
例　We are cramming for the TOEFL in 30 days. 为了30天后的托福考试，我们正在临时抱佛脚地死记硬背。

crash
crash　［kræʃ］
vt. 碰撞，坠毁〈同 smash〉
例 The vase crashed when it fell off the bookcase. 那个花瓶从书架上掉了下来，摔碎了。
n.（指商业公司、政府等）破产，垮台〈同 failure〉
例 Bob predicted that a market crash was approaching. 鲍勃预测，股市崩盘在即。

crater
crater［'kreɪtə(r)］
n. 火山口；弹坑
例　The gas explosion left large craters in the ground. 燃气爆炸在地面上留下了几个大坑。

crawl
crawl　［krɔːl］
vi. 爬，爬行〈同 creep〉
例 Most babies learn to crawl before they walk. 大多数婴儿在会走路之前都会先学习爬行。

crayon
crayon［'kreɪən］
n. 彩色蜡笔、粉笔；蜡笔画，粉笔画
例　I colored the picture with crayons. 我用蜡笔给图画上色。

create
create　［kriːˈeɪt］
vt. 创造；造成〈同 invent; cause〉
例 The inventor created a new time-saving device. 那位发明家创造了一种节省时间的新设备。
联 creation n. 创造；创作物；creativity n. 创造力

creative
creative［kri:'eɪtɪv］
adj. 有创造力的
解　having the ability or power to create
例　Creative business strategies are necessary for a company to compete in the world markets. 创新性的商业策略对公司参与国际市场竞争至关重要。
同　creativity n. 创造力

creature
creature［'kri:tʃə(r)］
n. 生物 （尤指动物）
解　any living person or animal
例　She loves all the earth's creatures. 她热爱地球上的所有生物。

credence
credence［'kri:dəns］
n. 相信，信任
解　belief
例　The credence of the woman's testimony led to the jury's verdict of not guilty. 这人女人证词的可信度使陪审团认定她无罪。

credentials
credentials［krə'den∫əlz］
n. 凭证，文凭〈同　certificate〉
例　Since he does not have any of the credentials for the job, he was not asked to interview. 由于他没有任何符合这个工作要求的文凭，因此他没有收到面试邀请。

credentials
credentials［krɪ'denʃəlz］
n. 证明，证书
解　documents attesting to the truth of certain stated facts
例　His credentials include an MBA degree and over 10 years of work as a manager in a multinational company. 他的证明文件包括工商管理学硕士学位以及在跨国公司担任经理逾10年的证明材料。

credible
credible［'kredəbəl; -ɪbəl］
adj. 可信的
解　capable of being believed
例　The mother accepted her son's credible excuse as to why he arrived home late. 母亲接受了儿子之所以晚回家的可靠理由。
同　credibility n. 可靠性，可信性

credit
credit　［ˈkredɪt］
n. ① 信誉，信用；声望〈同 reputation; prestige〉
例 The merchant could not get a loan from the bank because his credit was bad. 那位商人由于信用状况不良，因此无法获得银行贷款。
例 The bank teller recorded a credit to my account after I made a payment. 我付款之后，银行出纳把钱计入我的账户。
vt. 认定；把…归于〈同 recognize〉
例 Lucretia Mott's influence was so significant that she has been credited by some authorities as the originator of feminism in the United States. 卢克丽霞•莫特的影响力巨大，因此有关当局认定她是美国女权运动的发起者。
记 cred（相信，信任）+ it（表名词）→信任
联 creditor n. 债权人；credible adj. 可信的；discredit v. 怀疑

credulous
credulous［'kredjʊləs］
adj. 轻信的，易信的
解　disposed to believe on little evidence
例　The credulous policeman was tricked by the cunning robber and let him go free. 这名容易轻信他人的警察被狡猾的盗贼所欺骗，将他放走了。
同　credulity n. 轻信，易信

creek
creek［kri:k; (US)krɪk］
n. 小溪，小河〈同　stream, brook〉
例　My friends and I have had picnics over there by the creek. 我和朋友们曾经在那里的小溪旁边野营。

creep
creep　［kriːp］
vi. 慢慢行进；爬行〈同 crawl〉
例 The turtle creeps along the coastline. 海龟沿海岸线爬行。
联 creeping n./adj. 爬行（的）；卑躬屈膝（的）

crevice
crevice［'krevɪs］
n. 缺口，裂缝〈同　gap, crack〉
例　The rain came in through a crevice in the ceiling. 雨水通过天花板上的裂缝流了进来。

crew
crew［kru:］
n.（船上、飞机上的）全体工作人员；同事们〈同 team〉
例　The aircraft has a crew of seven. 飞机上有七名机务人员。

criminal
criminal　［ˈkrɪmɪnəl］
n. 罪犯，犯罪者〈同 lawbreaker〉
例 The clever criminal was never caught by the police. 那个聪明的罪犯从未被警方抓住过。

criminal
criminal［'krɪmɪnəl］
n. 罪犯 adj. 刑事的，犯罪的
解　n. someone who has committed (or been legally convicted of) a crime adj. relating to crime or its punishment
例　The criminal had been set up and was truly innocent. 经过审查，这名嫌疑犯确实是无辜的。
同　criminality n. 罪行，犯罪

crimson
crimson［'krɪmzən］
n./adj. 深红色（的）〈同　bloody〉
例　Bill cut his finger when he was cooking and then he threw away the crimson knife. 比尔在做饭的时候割伤了手指，然后他把被血染红的刀子扔掉了。

cripple
cripple［'krɪpəl］
vt. 使残废；削弱〈同 handicap, maim〉
例　India has been crippled by foreign debts. 印度由于外债累累而陷入困境。

crisp
crisp［krɪsp］
adj. 脆的，易碎的
例　Dry toast and fresh celery are crisp. 干面包和新鲜芹菜都是脆的。

crisscross
crisscross［'krɪskrɒs; (US)-krɔ:s］
adj. 十字形的〈同　cross-shaped〉
例　The marks of people's feet had made a crisscross pattern in the snow. 人脚留下的痕迹在雪地上形成了一个十字形图案。

criterion
criterion［kraɪ'tɪərɪən］
n.（pl. -ria）（评判的）标准，尺度〈同 standard〉
例　They think that wealth is the only criterion of success. 他们认为财富是判断是否成功的唯一标准。

critical
critical　［ˈkrɪtɪkəl］
adj. ① 评论的，批评的
例 The report was very critical of the railway's safety standards. 这份报告对铁路的安全标准持强烈批评态度。
例 The talks between the two leaders have reached a critical stage. 两位领导人之间的谈判进入关键阶段。
联 critical point 临界点；critics n. 评论家

critique
critique［krɪ'ti:k］
n.（文艺等的）批评，评论〈同　review, commentary〉
例　At the end of the course, the students had an opportunity to give a critique of the teacher. 课程结束时，学生们有机会对老师进行评价。

crooked
crooked［'krʊkɪd］
adj. ①不诚实的；欺诈的〈同　dishonest, sly〉
例　The city is full of crooked police officers taking bribes. 城市里到处都是收受贿赂的不正直的警察。
例　You have to drive slowly on these crooked country roads. 在这些蜿蜒崎岖的乡村小路上，你必须慢点开车。

crown
crown［kraʊn］
n. 王冠；花冠；顶部
例　He won the amateur boxing crown in his latest bout. 他在最近的一场拳击比赛中赢得了非职业选手冠军。
vt. 加冕；褒奖
例　After the death of the old king, the princess was crowned in London. 老国王死后，女王在伦敦加冕。

crucial
crucial　［ˈkruːʃəl］
adj. 至关重要的，决定性的；紧要关头的〈同 critical, decisive〉
例 The President's support is crucial for this project. 总统的支持对于该项目至关重要。
记 cruc（十字形）+ial→十字路口→关键的

crude
crude　［kruːd］
adj. 未提炼的，粗糙的〈同 roughly made〉
例 Crude oil has to be refined before it can be used. 原油必须经过提炼才能使用。
记 crud（粗糙）+e→未提炼的

cruelty
cruelty［'kru:əlti］
n. 残忍，残酷〈同 brutality〉
例　His former wife accused him of beating, verbal abuse and other cruelties. 他的前妻控告他的殴打、谩骂等残忍行为。

cruise
cruise　［kruːz］
例 My car can cruise along at 70 miles per hour on the highway. 我的汽车在公路上可以以每小时70英里的速度行驶。

crumble
crumble［'krʌmbəl］
v. 粉碎；崩溃〈同　fall apart; disintegrate〉
例　I crumbled the bread for the birds. 我把面包捏碎喂鸟。

crumple
crumple［'krʌmpəl］
vt. 把…弄皱；起皱〈同　rumple, wrinkle〉
例　The front of the car was crumpled like paper when it hit the wall at full speed. 汽车以全速撞上墙之后，车的前部像纸一样皱了起来。

crush
crush　［krʌʃ］
vt. 压垮；粉碎；（使）变形〈同 squash〉
例 My suitcase was so full that my clothes were crushed. 我的行李箱太满了，衣服都给弄皱了。

crust
crust　［krʌst］
n. 硬外皮；地壳〈同 covering〉
例 The crust of the pie was delicious. 馅饼的外皮很美味。
联 crustacean n. 甲壳纲动物

crystal
crystal　［ˈkrɪstəl］
n. 水晶，晶体〈同 quartz〉
例 Crystals can be made into many beautiful objects. 水晶可以制成许多精美的物件。
adj. 清澈的；结晶状的〈同 limpid〉
例 Janet likes swimming in the crystal water of the pool. 珍妮特喜欢在清澈的游泳池里游泳。
联 crystalline adj. 水晶的，透明的；crystallize v. 明确；crystallization n. 结晶化

cube
cube　［kjuːb］
n. 立方体；立方
例 I put some ice cubes in my drink. 我在饮料里放了一些冰块。
联 cubic adj. 立方体的；cubism n. 立体主义

cue
cue［kju:］
n. 提示，暗示（尤指戏剧等演出中对演员起暗示作用的道白或动作）〈同 hint, suggestion〉
例　The actor entered the stage right on cue. 就在这个时候，男演员走上了舞台。

culinary
culinary［'kʌlɪnəri］
adj. 厨房的，烹调的
例　Many chefs attribute their culinary skills to the wise use of spices. 许多大厨把他们的烹饪技巧归功于对调味料的合理利用。

culminate
culminate［'kʌlmɪneɪt］
v.（使）达到高潮；（使）以…告终〈同 climax, terminate〉
例　The wedding culminated with a big dance. 婚礼的气氛随着大型舞蹈达到了高潮。

cultivate
cultivate　［ˈkʌltɪveɪt］
vt. 耕种；培养〈同 farm; nurture〉
例 The botanist cultivated tropical flowers. 这位植物学家培育了热带花卉。
记 cult（培养，种植）+ivate（表示动作）→耕种；培养
联 cultivation n. 耕种；培养；cultivated adj. 有教养的

culture
culture　［ˈkʌltʃə(r)］
vt. 培养（微生物细胞组织等）〈同 foster〉
例 The experiment requires us to isolate and culture the bacteria. 这个实验要求我们隔离和培养细菌。
n. 文化，文明〈同 civilization〉
例 There are many differences between eastern and western cultures. 东西方文化之间存在许多差异。
联 horticulture n. 园艺；agriculture n. 农业，农艺，农学

cumbersome
cumbersome［'kʌmbəsəm］
adj. 笨重的；难处理的〈同　burdensome, bulky〉
例　He was burdened down with cumbersome parcels. 他背着笨重的包裹。

cumulative
cumulative［'kju:mjʊlətɪv］
adj. 累积的，累加的〈同 accumulated〉
例　The cumulative effects of many illnesses made the patient weak. 诸病缠身，病情日益恶化，病人变得很虚弱。

cunning
cunning［'kʌnɪŋ］
n./adj. 狡猾（的），有心计（的）〈同 clever, tricky〉
例　The cunning businesswoman sold the house for double its value. 这个精明的女商人以实际价值两倍的价钱卖掉了这座房子。

curative
curative［'kjʊərətɪv］
adj. 医疗的
解　tending to cure or restore to health
例　The pharmaceutical company created a new curative ointment for minor cuts and sunburn. 这家医药公司开发出了一款治疗轻微伤口和太阳灼伤的新型软膏。

curator
curator［kjʊə'reɪtə(r)］
n.（博物馆等的）馆长〈同　keeper, custodian〉
例　The new curator tried to make the museum more popular. 新馆长努力让博物馆更受欢迎。

curator
curator［kjʊə'reɪtə(r)］
n. 博物馆馆长
解　the custodian of a collection (as a museum or library)
例　The museum curator organized exhibitions and auctions that brought much fame and high profits. 博物馆馆长组织了一系列展览和拍卖活动，为该馆赢得了广泛的声誉，并带来了可观的收入。

curb
curb［kɜ:b］
n. 路边
例　Park the car close to the curb. 靠路边停车。
vt. 抑制，约束〈同 restrain〉
例　I went on a diet and curbed my appetite for food and drink. 我节食，并且控制自己的食欲。

cure
cure　［kjʊə(r)］
v. 治愈，治疗；解决，矫正 〈同 heal〉
例 The medicine cured Mary. 这种药物治好了玛丽的病。

cure
cure［kjʊə(r)］
v./n. 治疗，治愈
解　v. to make well; to bring back to health n. treatment intended to relieve or remove disease or any bad condition
例　She took the prescribed medicine to cure her cold. 她吃了医生开的药来治疗感冒。
近　curl n. 卷发；curt adj. （言词、行为）简短而草率的；curb n. 马路镶边石；马勒 v. 控制

curious
curious［'kjʊərɪəs］
adj.（令人）好奇的〈同 inquisitive〉
例　Little kids are usually very curious and ask a lot of questions. 小孩通常都很好奇，问很多问题。

curious
curious［'kjʊərɪəs］
adj. 好奇的
解　eager to investigate and learn more (sometimes about others' concerns)
例　A curious mind is a sponge for new information. 好奇的头脑就像海绵，不断吸收新的信息。
同　curiosity n. 好奇心

currency
currency　［ˈkʌrənsi］
n. 通货，货币〈同 money〉
例 We exchanged our currency at a bank at the airport. 我们在机场里的一家银行兑换了货币。

current
current　［ˈkʌrənt］
n.（液体、气体的）流；趋势〈同 stream〉
例 The river's current was so strong that the herd of cows could not cross it. 这条河水流湍急，牛群无法渡过。
adj. 现今的〈同 up-to-date〉
例 Recent reports will give the most current news about the accident. 近期的报告将带来与事故有关的最新消息。
联 currently adv. 现在，当前

current
current［'kʌrənt］
n. 潮流；水流；气流 adj. 现代的，当前的
解　n. a steady flow (usually from natural causes) adj. occurring in or belonging to the present time
例　The river's current is too strong for us to swim across. 河水水流太湍急了，我们没办法游过去。

curriculum
curriculum［kə'rɪkjʊləm］
n.（pl. -s; -la）学校的全部课程〈同 courses〉
例　They are trying to widen the college curricula to meet the students' needs. 他们正在试着拓宽大学课程范围，以满足学生们的需求。

curse
curse［kɜ:s］
n./v. 诅咒，咒骂〈同　malediction〉
例　The wizard's curse changed her into a tree. 巫师的诅咒把她变成了一棵树。

cursory
cursory［'kɜ:səri］
adj. 草率的，粗略的
解　hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough
例　The chief editor was not responsible for reviewing cursory details such as spelling mistakes in the book, but more the general tone and subject matter. 主编不负责修改书中由于疏忽造成的细节错误，比如拼写错误，而更多的是负责大体风格和主题的确定。
构　curs (=to run) + ory (=relating to)

curve
curve　［kɜːv］
v. 弯曲，曲线
例 The mountain road is full of curves. 山路蜿蜒曲折。

cushion
cushion［'kʊ∫ən］
n. 垫子，软垫
例　His sofa is comfortable because of its thick cushions. 他的沙发因为有厚厚的垫子而非常舒适。
vt. 缓和…的冲击〈同　absorb, relieve〉
例　Nothing could cushion the shock of my friend's death. 什么都不能减轻朋友的去世给我的打击。

custodian
custodian［kʌ'stəʊdjən］
n. 看守人，管理人〈同　caretaker, guardian〉
例　After everyone had left the theater, the custodian locked all the doors and went home. 所有人都离开剧院之后，管理员锁上所有的门，然后回家了。

custom
custom　［ˈkʌstəm］
n. 习惯，传统，惯例〈同 tradition〉
例 It's the custom in Britain for a bride to throw her bouquet to the female wedding guests. 新娘把花束扔向参加婚礼的女宾客，是英国的习俗。
联 customs n. 关税；海关；customer n. 顾客；customary adj. 习惯的，惯例的

customary
customary［'kʌstəməri; (US)'kʌstəmeri］
adj. 习惯上的；通常的〈同 habitual, usual〉
例　Ten o'clock is Janet's customary bedtime. 珍妮特通常十点上床睡觉。

cute
cute　［kjuːt］
adj. 可爱的；精明的〈同 attractive; clever〉
例 The flowers on your hat are really cute. 你帽子上的花真可爱。

cyclical
cyclical［'sɪklɪkəl］
adj. 循环的
解　recurring in cycles
例　The cyclical seasons of the year are reversed between the northern and southern hemispheres. 南半球和北半球的四季更替是颠倒的。
近　cynical adj. 玩世不恭的，愤世嫉俗的；cynic n. 玩世不恭的人，愤世嫉俗者；cynicism n. 犬儒主义，愤世嫉俗；cronyism n. 任人唯亲

cyclone
cyclone［'saɪkləʊn］
n. 旋风，飓风
解　violent rotating windstorm
例　The cyclone swept through the town uprooting trees and knocking down houses. 飓风横扫小镇，把树连根拔起，并且摧毁了房屋。

cylinder
cylinder［'sɪlɪndə(r)］
n. 圆柱体；气缸
解　a solid bounded by a cylindrical surface and two parallel planes
例　Most people drink beverages from containers that are shaped like cylinders. 大多数人所喝的饮料都装在类似圆柱体的容器内。

cynical
cynical［'sɪnɪkəl］
adj. 愤世嫉俗的〈同 skeptical〉
例　Bob's too cynical to believe in psychic phenomenon, while Janet believes in it completely. 鲍勃不相信存在什么灵异现象，但珍妮特却深信不疑。

dagger
dagger［'dægə(r)］
n. 短剑，匕首〈同　knife〉
例　A sword is a short-handled, long-bladed weapon, similar to a dagger but larger. 剑是一种短把长刃的兵器，与匕首类似，但比匕首更长。

daisy
daisy［'deɪzi］
n. 雏菊
例　Although native to Europe, the daisy has now spread throughout most of North America. 虽然雏菊原产于欧洲，但如今已经遍布北美洲的大部分地区。

damn
damn［dæm］
v. 谴责，指责〈同 condemn〉
例　The critics damned the new book and pointed out a lot of mistakes in it. 评论家们对这本新书提出了指责，并指出了书中的很多处错误。

damp
damp［dæmp］
adj. 潮湿的，有湿气的〈同 humid, moist〉
例　Metals rust most rapidly in damp regions. 金属在潮湿的地方生锈最快。

daring
daring［'deərɪŋ］
adj. 大胆的，勇敢的〈同　bold, brave〉
例　A daring firefighter pulled the child from the fire. 一位勇敢的消防员把孩子从大火中救了出来。

dart
dart［dɑ:t］
vi. 飞奔；投掷〈同　rush; cast〉
例　The cat darted away when the dog approached. 狗接近的时候，猫飞快地跑走了。
n. 标枪，镖，箭
例　Her first dart scored double twenty. 她的第一掷得到了二十加倍。

dash
dash　［dæʃ］
v. 猛冲，疾奔
例 I'm afraid I must dash off—I'm seeing my doctor in half an hour. 恐怕我必须马上离开了——我半个小时后得去见我的医生。

dated
dated［'deɪtɪd］
adj. 陈旧的，过时的〈同　old-fashioned, obsolete〉
例　I refused to wear the suit because it was dated. 我拒绝穿这套西装，因为它已经过时了。

daunting
daunting［'dɔ:ntɪŋ］
adj. 使人畏缩的〈同　intimidating, discouraging〉
例　After the party there was the daunting job of tidying up. 聚会结束之后，整理屋子的活让人却步。

dawn
dawn　［dɔːn］
n. ① 黎明〈同 sunrise〉
例 Tommy worked from dawn till dark in order to finish the paper. 为了完成论文，汤米从早到晚地忙。
例 The dawn of a new age began with the invention of the automobile. 汽车的发明标志着一个新时代的开端。
联 dawning n. 拂晓，黎明

dazzling
dazzling［'dæzlɪŋ］
adj. 眼花缭乱的；耀眼的〈同 bright〉
例　The laser system temporarily blinds enemy pilots with rays of dazzling light. 激光系统利用强光让敌机飞行员暂时看不见东西。

deadline
deadline［'dedlaɪn］
n. 最终期限〈同 due date〉
例　If I didn't turn in the report by the deadline, I would be fired. 如果我到最后期限还没有把报告交上去，我会被解雇的。

deadly
deadly［'dedli］
adj. 致命的〈同 fatal〉
例　This is one of nature's deadliest poisons. 这是自然界最致命的毒药之一。

deaf
deaf　［def］
adj. 聋的
例 The partially deaf child wore a hearing aid. 那个听力部分残疾的孩子戴着助听器。

debase
debase［dɪ'beɪs］
v. ① 贬低，降格 ② 降值
解　① to make low or lower ② to lessen the value of
例　They debased themselves through greed. 他们因为贪婪而贬低了自己。
近　baste v. 涂油 （于烤肉上，以防烤干）；debate n./v. 辩论

debatable
debatable［dɪ'beɪtəbəl］
adj. 未决定的，有争执的〈同　disputable, unsettled〉
例　It is debatable as to which football team is the best. 哪一支球队才是最好的，这仍存在争议。

debrief
debrief［di:'bri:f］
vt. 询问，听取 （飞行员的情况汇报）
解　to question to obtain knowledge or intelligence after a mission has been completed, in order to record information
例　The government officials debriefed the President when he returned back from the negotiations overseas. 总统从海外谈判回来之后，政府官员听取了他所作的工作报告。

debris
debris［'deɪbri:; (US)də'bri:］
n. 废墟，残骸；碎片〈同　ruins, residue〉
例　The storm tore down trees, damaged houses and littered the village with debris. 暴风吹倒了树木，摧毁了房屋，村里到处散落着碎片。

decade
decade　［ˈdekeɪd］
n. 十年
例 We have entered the second decade of the 21st century. 我们已经进入了21世纪的第二个十年。

decadent
decadent［'dekədənt］
adj. 颓废的〈同　self-indulgent, depraved〉
例　Because some critics considered it decadent, subversive, and incomprehensible, abstract art encountered much opposition in its early years. 由于有些批评家认为抽象艺术颓废、颠覆传统、难以理解，因此抽象艺术在早期遭到了许多人的反对。

decay
decay　［dɪˈkeɪ］
vi. ① 腐烂〈同 decompose〉
例 Fruit decays quickly in hot weather. 天热的时候，水果很快便会腐烂。
例 After eating candy for ten years, most of his teeth began to decay. 吃了十年糖果之后，他大部分的牙都开始被蛀蚀。

deceive
deceive　［dɪˈsiːv］
vt. 欺骗，行骗〈同 fool〉
例 Mary deceived the interviewer about her work experience. 玛丽在工作经验方面欺骗了面试官。
联 deceit n. 欺骗，谎言

decent
decent　［ˈdiːsnt］
adj. ① 适当的，可接受的〈同 suitable〉
例 Don't walk around in your underwear. Put on some decent clothes！不要穿着内衣走来走去。穿点像样的衣服！
例

decent
decent［'di:snt］
adj. ① 体面的 ② 相当好的，像样的
解　① proper and right; respectable ② good enough
例　The decent thing to do is to pay for the damage you have done. 最合适的做法是赔偿你所造成的损失。
同　decency n. 体面

deceptive
deceptive［dɪ'septɪv］
adj. 欺骗的，导致误解的〈同　misleading, fraudulent〉
例　In the United States, both the federal and state governments have laws designed to guard consumers against deceptive advertisements. 在美国，联邦政府和州政府均制定了旨在保护消费者免受欺骗性广告影响的法律。

deciduous
deciduous［dɪ'sɪdjʊəs］
adj. 每年落叶的
例　The deciduous trees are those that shed all or nearly all of their leaves each year. 落叶树是指每年掉落所有或几乎所有叶子的树。

decimal
decimal［'desɪməl］
adj. 十进制的，小数的〈同 of tens〉
例　The metric system is a decimal system. 公制是十进制。
n. 小数
例　The course will help students develop mathematical skills including the use of decimals, fractions, percentages and simple statistics. 这项课程会帮助学生提高数学能力，包括小数、分数、百分比和简单的统计学的应用能力。

decisive
decisive［dɪ'saɪsɪv］
adj. 决定性的〈同 determined, conclusive〉
例　The team won by 20 points, which was a decisive victory. 这个队以20分的优势赢得了决定性的胜利。

deck
deck　［dek］
n. 一副（纸牌）〈同 card〉
例 We played our game of bridge with a new deck. 我们用一副新牌来玩桥牌。

declaration
declaration　［ˌdekləˈreɪʃən］
n. 宣布，宣言〈同 announcement〉
例 The company made a declaration of intent to follow an equal opportunity policy. 公司发表声明表示愿意采用公平机会政策。
联 declare vt. 宣布，声明

decline
decline　［dɪˈklaɪn］
n./vi. 衰退；下降，减退〈同 deterioration; flag〉
例 His influence declined as he grew older. 随着年龄的增长，他的影响力逐渐下降。
vt. 婉言谢绝〈同 refuse〉
例 We asked them to come to our party, but they declined the invitation. 我们邀请他们参加派对，但他们拒绝了邀请。

decorate
decorate　［ˈdekəreɪt］
vt. 装饰，修饰〈同 adorn〉
例 The house was decorated in an oriental design. 这栋房子按照具有东方特色的设计方案进行了装饰。
联 decoration n. 装饰，装饰品；decorative adj. 装饰的，可作装饰的

decorate
decorate［'dekəreɪt］
v. 装饰
解　to make more attractive by adding ornament, color, etc.
例　She decorated her office with flowers and hearts. 她用鲜花和心形饰物装扮了自己的办公室。
同　decoration n. 装饰

decorous
decorous［'dekərəs］
adj. 有礼貌的，符合礼节的，相称的
解　characterized by propriety and dignity and good taste in manners and conduct
例　The princess was raised to have very decorous manners. 公主自小被培养出一种高雅的举止。

decorum
decorum［dɪ'kɔ:rəm］
n. 礼貌，礼节
解　propriety in manners and conduct
例　Decorum is required in the court or the judge will ask you to leave. 在法庭上要举止得体，否则法官会请你离开。

decrease
decrease　［dɪˈkriːs］
v. 减少〈同 lessen〉
例 Bob's influence on the committee slowly decreased after he caused the accident. 在鲍勃造成这起事故之后，他对委员会的影响力逐渐降低。
记 de（往下）+crease（增长）→使负增长→减少

dedicate
dedicate［'dedɪkeɪt］
vt. 把奉献于，致力于〈同 devote〉
例　The book was dedicated to the author's husband. 此书谨献给作者的丈夫。

deduce
deduce　［dɪˈdjuːs］
v. 推断
例 I couldn't deduce whether he thought the idea was a good one or not. 我无法断言他是否会认为这是一个好主意。
记 de（往下）+duce（引导）→往下引导→推断，演绎
联 deduction n. 推论；扣除；deductive adj. 推论的，演绎的

deduce
deduce［dɪ'dju:s］
vt. 推论，演绎出
解　to reach (a conclusion) by reasoning; infer
例　The students deduced the answer by eliminating all other possibilities. 学生们通过排除其他可能的选项推断出了正确答案。
构　de (=down) + duc (=to lead) + e

deduct
deduct［dɪ'dʌkt］
v. 扣除
解　to make a subtraction
例　The restaurant manager warned the waitress not to break the dishware or it would be deducted from her salary. 餐厅经理警告女服务员不要打碎餐具，否则餐具的费用就要从她的薪水中扣除。

deductive
deductive［dɪ'dʌktɪv］
adj. 演绎的
解　involving inferences from general principles
例　Sherlock Holmes relied on deductive reasoning to solve most of the mysteries he investigated. 福尔摩斯依靠演绎推理法来破解他所研究的大多数谜题。

deem
deem［di:m］
v. 认为，相信〈同 think, believe〉
例　Doctors prescribe the medicines they deem necessary to cure their patients. 医生们给病人开药，这些药是医生认为对治疗有必要的。

deface
deface［dɪ'feɪs］
v. 毁坏外观；丑化，使失面子
解　to mar or spoil the appearance of
例　The newspaper article about the president's scandal defaced his image in the public's eye. 报纸上的这篇关于总统丑闻的报道损害了总统在公众心目中的形象。
构　de (=away) + fac (=face) + e

default
default　［dɪˈfɔːlt］
v. 不履行（某种责任）；违约
例 People who default on their mortgage repayments may lose their houses. 抵押贷款违约者可能会失去他们的房子。
记 de（往下）+fault（错误）→错误下去→违约

default
default［dɪ'fɔ:lt］
n./v. ① 拖欠债务 ② 未履行责任
解　① failure to meet a financial obligation ② failure to perform a task or fulfill an obligation
例　She was in default of her bank loan and risked losing her house as collateral if she did not pay. 她拖欠银行贷款，如果不还清，就有可能失去用来抵押的房子。

defeat
defeat　［dɪˈfiːt］
v. 击败〈同 beat〉
例 The debate team defeated its rival. 辩论队战胜了他们的对手。

defecate
defecate［'defɪkeɪt］
vi. 排粪；通大便
例　He was arrested for defecating in a public place. 他因在公共场合大便而被捕。

defect
defect　［ˈdiːfekt; dɪˈfekt］
n. 缺点，瑕疵〈同 flaw〉
例 I bought these shoes cheaply because they have a slight defect. 我以很便宜的价格买到了这双鞋，因为鞋上有一点瑕疵。
联 defective adj. 有缺陷的

defect
defect［'dɪ:fekt］
n. 缺陷
解　a shortcoming or failing in a person or thing; fault or blemish
例　A hearing aid helps to overcome defects in hearing. 助听器有助于克服听力障碍。
同　defection n. 背叛，脱党，变节；defective adj. 有缺陷的
构　de (=from) + fect (=to do, to make)

defence
defence　［dɪˈfens］
n. 防卫；防卫物〈同 protection〉
例 The town's defences are weak and it may fall to the enemy. 这个城市的防御非常薄弱，可能会沦陷。

defend
defend［dɪ'fend］
v. 防护，防卫；辩护
解　to protect against a challenge or attack
例　The tigress would defend her babies with her life. 雌虎会用生命来保护她的幼崽。
同　defense n. 防御，保卫

defendant
defendant［dɪ'fendənt］
n. 被告
解　a person against whom an action is brought in a court of law
例　The defendant was deemed not guilty and did not even have to pay a fine. 被告被认为无罪，甚至都不用缴纳罚金。

defer
defer［dɪ'fɜ:(r)］
vi. 遵从，听从〈同　yield, submit〉
例　I defer to my father's greater experience and knowledge of the English language. 我遵从了父亲在英语语言方面更丰富的经验和知识。
vt. 延期〈同　delay, postpone〉
例　Can we defer making a decision until next week? 我们能推迟到下一周再做决定吗？

deficiency
deficiency［dɪ'fɪʃənsi］
n. 缺乏；不足〈同 scarcity〉
例　In Africa, most children live a poor life because of economic deficiency in their families. 在非洲，大多数的儿童因为家庭贫穷过着困苦的生活。

deficit
deficit［'defɪsɪt］
n. 赤字〈同 shortfall〉
例　The government tried to avoid a budget deficit and spend strictly according to the plan. 政府为避免财政赤字，根据计划严格控制消费。

define
define［dɪ'faɪn］
v. 下定义
解　to make clear the meaning of; to explain
例　An English-Chinese dictionary can define words but can not truly explain the cultural significance behind them. 英汉词典可以给单词下定义，但是无法真正解释其背后的文化意义。

definite
definite　［ˈdefɪnət］
adj. 清楚的；明确的〈同 distinct; exact〉
例 Roger needs to know the definite arrival time so he can meet his friend on time at the airport. 罗杰需要知道确切的抵达时间，以便准时到机场接朋友。
联 definitely adv. 明确地，肯定地

definite
definite［'defɪnət］
adj. 确定的
解　clear or exact; not vague
例　I expect a definite answer, either yes or no. 我期待一个确切的答案，要么是，要么不是。
同　indefinite adj. 不清楚的，模糊的；不确定的

definition
definition［ˌdefɪ'nɪʃən］
n. ① 定义 ② （轮廓等）清晰，明确
解　① a statement of the meaning of a word, phrase, or term, as in a dictionary entry ② the state of being closely outlined or determined
例　Their marriage was doomed to fail because they each had a different definition of commitment. 他们的婚姻注定要失败，因为他们各自对承诺有着不同的定义。

definitive
definitive［dɪ'fɪnətɪv］
adj. 决定性的，最后的〈同　conclusive, ultimate〉
例　There are no definitive answers to this problem. 这个问题没有明确的答案。

definitive
definitive［dɪ'fɪnɪtɪv］
adj. 最后的，确定的，权威性的
解　supplying or being a final or conclusive settlement; conclusive
例　Carl Sandburg's Abraham Lincoln may be regarded as the definitive work on the life of the Great Emancipator. 卡尔·桑德堡所写的《亚伯拉罕·林肯》可以被认为是把这位伟大的解放者的生平诠释得最好的作品。
构　de (=intensive) + fin (=end) + itive

deflect
deflect［dɪ'flekt］
v. 偏离，使偏斜，转向
解　to turn from a straight course or fixed direction; avert
例　Engineers deflected the runaway train onto a secondary track. 工程师把失控的火车转到备用轨道上。
构　de (=away) + flect (=to bend)

deform
deform［dɪ'fɔ:m］
vt. 使变形〈同　distort, disfigure〉
例　The intense heat from the fire deformed the metal chair. 炉火的高温把那把金属椅子烤得变形了。

deform
deform［dɪ'fɔ:m］
v. 使变形
解　to cause to assume a crooked or angular form
例　They left their favorite CD on the dashboard and the heat from the summer sun deformed it. 他们把最喜欢的那张CD放在了汽车的仪表板上，结果它被夏天的太阳给晒变形了。
构　de (=away) + form (=form)

deft
deft［deft］
adj. 灵巧的，熟练的〈同　skillful, dexterous〉
例　The carpenter was known for his deft hands. 那位木匠以他灵巧的双手而出名。

defuse
defuse［di:'fu:z］
v. 从（爆破装置）中卸除引信
解　to remove the fuse from (an explosive device)
例　The movie reached its climax when the spy had to defuse the atomic bomb before it blew up. 在间谍不得不在原子弹爆炸前拆除引信时，影片达到了高潮。
近　fuse n. 导火索 v. 融合；fusion n. 融合；fusillade n. （枪炮）齐射，连发；fuss n./v. 大惊小怪

defy
defy［dɪ'faɪ］
vt. 公然反抗，蔑视，挑衅〈同 disobey〉
例　The child defied his baby-sitter by refusing to go to bed. 这个小孩不听保姆的话，就是不上床睡觉。

degenerate
degenerate［dɪ'ʤenəreɪt］
vt.（使）变坏；（使）退化〈同 grow worse〉
例　Her health degenerated because of the disease. 因为这个病，她的身体越来越差。

degenerate
degenerate［dɪ'ʤenəreɪt］
v. ① 退化，退步 ② 堕落
解　① become worse; deteriorate ② to sink into a low intellectual or moral state
例　The abandoned house degenerated into a pile of wood after many years. 许多年后，这所被废弃的房子最终变成了一堆木头。
构　de (=down) + gen (=birth, creation) + erate

degrade
degrade［dɪ'greɪd］
vt. 使降级，贬低〈同 humiliate, debase〉
例　Janet would not degrade herself by begging for help from the person who insulted her. 珍妮特是不会低头向那些侮辱她的人乞求帮助的。

dehydrate
dehydrate［di:'haɪdreɪt］
vt. 使脱去水分〈同　dry, desiccate〉
例　Working in the hot sun dehydrated the construction crew and they grew very thirsty. 在炎热的太阳下工作，建筑工人们都脱水了，他们变得非常口渴。

dehydrate
dehydrate［ˌdi:haɪ'dreɪt］
v. ① 除去水分 ② （使）脱水
解　① to take water or moisture from; dry ② lose water or moisture
例　After traveling in the desert for five hours without water, they were dehydrated. 他们在沙漠中走了五个小时没有喝水，最后都脱水了。
同　dehydration n. 脱水，干燥

deign
deign［deɪn］
vi. 屈尊〈同　condescend〉
例　The arrogant businessman did not deign to shake hands with people he did not know. 那个傲慢的商人不屑于与他不认识的人握手。

deity
deity［'di:ɪti］
n. 神；被奉若神明的人（或物）〈同　god, divinity〉
例　Venus is one of the Roman deities. 维纳斯是罗马诸神之一。

delectable
delectable［dɪ'lektəbəl］
adj. 美味的；令人愉快的〈同　tasty, delicious; pleasing〉
例　The cheesecake was delectable and Janet ate many slices. 奶酪蛋糕非常美味，珍妮特吃了许多块。

delegate
delegate
例 She was our delegate at the party conference. 她是我们在党内会议中的代表。
例 I've been delegated to organize the weekly meetings. 我被委派组织每周的会议。

delete
delete　［dɪˈliːt］
vt. 删除〈同 remove〉
例 The editor deleted the incorrect sentence from the manuscript. 编辑删除了手稿中的错误句子。

deliberate
deliberate　［dɪˈlɪbərət］
adj. ① 深思熟虑的
例 We made a deliberate decision to live apart for a while. 我们作出了分居一段时间的慎重决定。
例 While many people think that the plane crash was an accident, Tom is convinced that it was a deliberate plan. 虽然有许多人都认为这次空难是一场事故，但汤姆坚信这是一个蓄谋已久的阴谋。
记 de（表否定）+liber（自由）+ate→非自由的→故意的

deliberate
deliberate［dɪ'lɪbərət］
adj. ①（尤指坏事）故意的，早有准备的〈同 intentional, planned〉
例　Their excuse was a deliberate lie, but nobody detected it. 他们的理由是个精心编造的谎言，但没人发觉。
例　He is very deliberate in everything he says and does, so he rarely hurts others. 他说话办事总是考虑周全，所以他很少伤害到其他人。

delicate
delicate　［ˈdelɪkət］
adj. ① 脆的，易损的；娇弱的〈同 fragile〉
例 Peaches have delicate skin which is easily bruised. 桃子有着娇嫩的外皮，很容易被擦伤。
例 Repairing this is going to be a very delicate operation. 维修这件东西需要高度精细的操作。
记 de+lic（=lick 舔）+ate→一舔就坏→易损的

delicious
delicious　［dɪˈlɪʃəs］
adj. 美味的，可口的〈同 tasty〉
例 The smell of delicious fresh bread beckoned the hungry boy. 美味的新鲜面包散发出的香味，吸引着那个饥肠辘辘的男孩。
记 de+lic（=lick 舔）+ious→舔了再舔→美味的

delight
delight［dɪ'laɪt］
n./v.（使）高兴，（使）愉快〈同 pleasure, cheer〉
例　Winning the award delighted him. 他得了奖，这令他非常高兴。

delineate
delineate［dɪ'lɪnɪeɪt］
v. 描绘，描画
解　to represent by sketch or diagram; to describe
例　I can't provide all the details at this time, but I will try to delineate the main features of my plan for reorganizing the student government. 这次我无法提供所有的细节，但是我会试着描述关于我的学生会改组计划的主要特点。
构　de (=down) + line + ate

delirium
delirium［dɪ'lɪrɪəm］
n. 精神错乱，发狂〈同　insanity, madness〉
例　Excessive consumption of caffeine can result in restlessness, insomnia, and even delirium. 过度使用咖啡因可能导致坐立不安、失眠，甚至精神错乱。

delta
delta［'deltə］
n.（河流的）三角洲
例　A delta is a deposit of earth and sand that collects at the mouths of some rivers and is usually three-sided. 三角洲由河口汇集的泥沙沉积物形成，通常呈三角形。

delude
delude［dɪ'lu:d］
v. 欺骗，哄骗
解　to mislead or deceive
例　Harry Houdini was a famous magician that made an art out of deluding people's perception. 哈里·胡迪尼是一位著名的魔术师，他创造了一种欺骗人们感知的艺术。
同　delusion n. 欺骗；幻觉，幻想；delusive adj. 使迷惑的，令人误解的
构　de (=from) + lud (=to play) + e

demagogue
demagogue［'deməɡɒɡ］
n. 煽动者，煽动政治家
解　an orator who appeals to the passions and prejudices of his audience
例　The demagogue had been elected senator during the economic depression because of his campaign speeches on implementing economic reform. 在经济萧条时期，那位具有煽动力的政客因为在竞选演讲中提出实施经济改革而被选为参议员。
同　demagogic adj. 煽动的，蛊惑人心的
构　dem (=people) + agog (=to lead) + ue

demagogue
demagogue［'deməɡɒɡ］
n. 煽动家，群众领导者
解　an orator who appeals to the passions and prejudices of his audience
例　He was accused of being a demagogue because he made promises which aroused futile hopes in his listeners. 他的承诺让听众燃起希望后又落空，因此他被指责为一名政治煽动家。

demanding
demanding［dɪ'mɑ:ndɪŋ; (US)dɪ'mændɪŋ］
adj. 要求高的，苛刻的
解　requiring more than usually expected or thought due
例　The students were relieved when the demanding course ended. 当这个要求颇高的课程结束后，学生们如释重负。
同　demand n./v. 要求，命令

demobilize
demobilize［dɪ'məʊbəlaɪz］
vt. 遣散（军人），使复员
例　When the Civil War ended, about a half of the soldiers from both the North and South had to be demobilized. 内战结束后，来自南北双方约有一半的士兵不得不退伍。

democracy
democracy　［dɪˈmɒkrəsi］
n. 民主政治，民主主义
例 Democracy is spreading around the world in various forms. 民主正在以不同的形式在全球传播。
联 democrat n. 民主党人

democracy
democracy［dɪ'mɒkrəsi］
n. 民主，民主统治
解　a political system governed by the people or their representatives
例　Voting is not a privilege but a natural right for all citizens in a democracy. 在民主政体中，投票不属于特权，而是所有公民的自然权利。

democracy
democracy［dɪ'mɒkrəsi］
n. 民主，民主统治
解　a political system governed by the people or their representatives
例　People have the right to elect their political representatives in a democracy. 在民主国家，人民有权选举政治代表。
同　democratic adj. 民主的

demography
demography［di:'mɒɡrəfi］
n. 人口统计学，人口学
解　the branch of sociology that studies the characteristics of human populations
例　Local surveys of the town's demography report that the number of people has doubled within the last four years. 当地城镇人口统计报告显示，该地人口数量在过去四年里翻了一番。

demolish
demolish［dɪ'mɒlɪ∫］
vt. 破坏，摧毁〈同　raze, destroy〉
例　Although the car was demolished in the accident, no one was seriously injured. 虽然那辆车在事故中被撞毁了，但没有人受重伤。

demonstrate
demonstrate　［ˈdemənstreɪt］
vt. 演示；论证〈同 show〉
例 The salesman demonstrated how the special vacuum cleaner worked. 销售员演示了这种特殊的真空吸尘器如何工作。
联 demonstration n. 实证；示范

demote
demote［dɪ'məʊt］
v. 降级，降职
解　to assign to a lower position; to reduce in rank
例　The student who had trouble doing fourth-grade work was demoted to third grade. 这个学生学习四年级的课程比较吃力，于是被降级到了三年级。
构　de (=down) + mot (=to move) + e

denial
denial［dɪ'naɪəl］
n. 否定，否认；拒绝〈同 refusal〉
例　Galileo was forced to make a public denial of his belief that the Earth goes around the Sun. 伽利略相信地球是绕着太阳转的，他被迫公开否认了这个观点。

denominate
denominate［dɪ'nɒmɪneɪt］
vt. ① 以…面值发行 ② 命名
解　① to issue or express in terms of a given monetary unit ② to give a name to
例　Most international securities are denominated in dollars or yen. 大多数国际证券以美元或者日元来发行。
同　denomination n. （长度、币值的）单位；面额；命名

denomination
denomination［dɪˌnɒmɪ'neɪ∫ən］
n. ①宗教组织〈同　sect〉
例　Richard Allen founded the African Methodist Episcopal Church, the first Black denomination in the United States. 理查德·艾伦成立了非洲裔卫理圣公会，这是美国的第一个黑人宗教组织。
例　The peso is a denomination of Mexican currency. 比索是墨西哥的货币单位。

denote
denote［dɪ'nəʊt］
vt. 指示，表示〈同 signify〉
例　His levity at such a serious moment denoted a lack of feeling. 在这么严肃的时刻，他轻浮的举动显示出他的无情。

denounce
denounce［dɪ'naʊns］
vt.（公开）谴责，斥责〈同 censure, condemn〉
例　The reform candidate denounced the corrupt city officers for having betrayed the public's trust. 改革派候选人公开指责腐败的城市官员背叛了民众的信任。

denounce
denounce［dɪ'naʊns］
vt. 公开指责，公然抨击，谴责
解　to accuse or condemn openly or formally
例　The media denounced the police officer for his cruel treatment of the suspect. 媒体谴责警察虐待嫌疑犯。
同　denunciation n. 批评，谴责

dense
dense　［dens］
adj. 密集的，浓厚的〈同 thick〉
例 The airport was closed because of the dense fog. 机场因大雾关闭了。
联 densely adv. 浓密地，浓厚地

dent
dent［dent］
n. 缺口，凹痕〈同　cavity, hollow〉
例　Somebody made a large dent in the back of my car while it was parked outside the house. 我把车停在房子外面的时候，有人在我的车尾上弄了一个很大的凹痕。
v.（使）凹下，（使）凹陷
例　The side of the jeep was badly dented in an accident. 吉普车的一侧在事故中严重凹陷。

dent
dent［dent］
n. 凹痕
解　a hollow made by a blow or pressure
例　The accident left a large dent in the side of the car. 这场事故在汽车的侧面留下了一大片凹痕。

dentist
dentist［'dentɪst］
n. 牙科医生
例　A dentist fills cavities in teeth, cleans, straightens or extracts them, and supplies artificial teeth. 牙医的工作是补牙、洗牙、矫正牙、拔牙，还有装义齿。

dentist
dentist［'dentɪst］
n. 牙医
解　a person qualified to practice dentistry
例　A dentist fills cavities in teeth, cleans, straightens, or extracts them, and supplies artificial teeth. 牙医的工作包括填充蛀牙，清洗、矫正或拔出牙齿，以及植入人工假牙。

dentistry
dentistry［'dentɪstri］
n. 牙科
例　The pain-killing agent most commonly administered in dentistry is the local anesthetic, which produces loss of feeling only in a specific area. 牙科中最常用的镇痛剂是局部麻醉剂，可以仅使特定部位失去知觉。

denture
denture［'dentʃə(r)］
n. 假牙
解　a dental appliance that artificially replaces missing teeth
例　The old man relied on his dentures to eat food. 这个老人依赖假牙进食。

deny
deny　［dɪˈnaɪ］
vt. ① 否认，否定〈同 disavow〉
例 It was obvious that Kitty had eaten all the cookies but she denied it when her mother asked her. 很明显，基蒂吃光了所有饼干，可当她妈妈问她的时候，她却矢口否认。
例 The state denied the elderly man a driver's license. 该州拒绝给那位老人发驾照。

depart
depart　［dɪˈpɑːt］
vi. 离开，出发〈同 take off, leave〉
例 The next train to the airport departs from Platform 3. 下一列去往机场的火车从3号站台发车。
记
联 departure n. 启程，出发，离开

depart
depart［dɪ'pɑ:t］
v. 离开
解　to go away; to leave
例　The plane should have departed an hour ago but was delayed because of the bad weather. 飞机一小时前就该起飞了，但是由于天气恶劣，所以被延迟了。

departure
departure［dɪ'pɑ:tʃə(r)］
n. 出发，离开〈同 leaving〉
例　The airplane's departure for New York was delayed by a blizzard. 飞往纽约的航班因暴风雪推迟起飞时间。

depict
depict［dɪ'pɪkt］
vt. 描绘，描写，描述〈同 portray, describe〉
例　Her paintings depict the lives of ordinary people in the last century. 她的油画描绘了上个世纪老百姓的生活。

deplete
deplete［dɪ'pli:t］
vt. 耗尽，使衰竭〈同　exhaust, consume〉
例　This project has greatly depleted our resources. 该项目严重消耗了我们的资源。

deport
deport［dɪ'pɔ:t］
v. 驱逐出境
解　to expel from a country
例　Jack was deported because of his unlawful behavior. 杰克因其非法行为而被驱逐出境。
同　deportation n. 驱逐
构　de (=away) + port (=to carry)

depose
depose［dɪ'pəʊz］
v. 免职，废黜；宣誓作证
解　to force to leave (an office); to declare under oath
例　The military coup deposed the dictator from power. 军事政变使独裁者失去了权力。
同　deposition n. 免职；宣誓作证
构　de (=from, away) + pos (=to put) + e

deposit
deposit　［dɪˈpɒzɪt］
vt. ① 堆积，沉淀〈同 set down〉
例 The sand was deposited on the sea floor when the current died down. 水流退去之后，沙子沉积在海床上。
例 Tom deposited his luggage at the hotel. 汤姆把他的行李寄存在酒店里。
联 depositor n. 存款人；deposition n. 沉积作用，沉积物；depositary n. 受托人；贮藏所

depository
depository［dɪ'pɒzɪtəri］
n. 仓库
解　a place where things can be deposited for safekeeping
例　The hotel depository stored the guests' valuables. 酒店的存放处寄存了客人的贵重物品。

depot
depot［'depəʊ］
n. 货栈，仓库〈同　depository, storehouse〉
例　The fruits stacked in the depot began to decay. 仓库里堆放的水果开始腐烂。

depreciation
depreciation［dɪˌpri:∫ɪ'eɪ∫ən］
n. 贬值〈同　devaluation〉
例　The gradual depreciation of the dollar was fueled by rising imports. 美元的逐渐贬值受到了进口增加的刺激。

depredation
depredation［ˌdeprə'deɪ∫ən］
n. 劫掠，蹂躏〈同　pillage〉
例　The tornado left the town looking like the depredation of a large army. 飓风席卷过的小镇就像是遭到了大股军队破坏一样。

depress
depress［dɪ'pres］
vt. ① 使忧愁，沮丧 ② 使不景气，萧条
解　① make sad and without enthusiasm ② make less active
例　I was depressed by the bad news from home. 家里传来的坏消息使我心情低落。
同　depressed adj. 沮丧的；depression n. 沮丧，消沉；depressant n. 镇静剂

depressed
depressed　［dɪˈprest］
adj. 沮丧的；萧条的〈同 dejected〉
例 This organization provides educational assistance to the children living in economically depressed communities. 该机构为居住在经济状况不佳的社区的孩子们提供教育补助。
记 de（往下）+press（压）+ed→往下压→情绪低落的→沮丧的；萧条的

depression
depression　［dɪˈpreʃən］
n. ① 不景气，萧条期〈同 recession〉
例 Many people lost their fortune during the Great Depression. 在大萧条期间，许多人倾家荡产。
例 I'm beginning to get over the deep depression I felt about losing my job. 我开始克服失业带来的深度抑郁。
记 来自depress：de（向下）+press（压）→压制
联 depressant n. 镇静剂；depressive adj. 郁闷的
derive　［dɪˈraɪv］
vt. 得到，获取；源于〈同 obtain〉
例 He derives a lot of pleasure from meeting new people. 他从认识新朋友当中获得许多乐趣。
记 de（分离）+rive（=river 河流）→从河里引水→获取；源于
联 derivative n. 派生的事物，派生词；derivation n. 由来，出处

deprive
deprive［dɪ'praɪv］
vt. 剥夺，使失去〈同 deny, take away〉
例　He was deprived of his sight by the accident. 那次事故使他丧失了视力。

deputy
deputy［'depjʊti］
n. 代理人，代表；副手〈同　agent; assistant, aide〉
例　He passed on his authority to his deputy when he went on vacation. 他去度假的时候，会把自己的职权交接给副手。

dermatology
dermatology［ˌdɜ:mə'tɒləʤi］
n. 皮肤病学
解　the branch of medicine dealing with the skin and its diseases
例　He was concerned about his skin rash and visited a specialist in dermatology. 他担心自己的皮疹，于是拜访了一位皮肤病方面的专家。

desalination
desalination［di:ˌsælɪ'neɪ∫ən］
n. 脱盐，去盐作用
例　The Canary Islands rely on desalination for much of their water. 加那利群岛的很多用水均依靠海水淡化。

descend
descend　［dɪˈsend］
v. ① 传下，遗传
例 The noble qualities descend to me from my father. 我的贵族气质遗传自我的父亲。
例 The bird descended quickly to capture the worm that crawled out of a hole. 那只鸟快速往下飞来捕捉那只爬出洞口的虫子。
记 de（向下）+scend（爬）→爬下→下降
联 descendant n. 后代，后裔；descent n. 下降；血统

descendant
descendant［dɪ'sendənt］
n. 子孙，后裔〈同 offspring〉
例　She is a descendant of the 18th-century immigrants. 她是18世纪移民者的后裔。

descent
descent［dɪ'sent］
n. ① 下降〈同 drop〉
例　The gull made a quick descent and plucked a fish from the water. 海鸥突然俯冲，把一条鱼从水里叼了出来。
例　He is of Arabic descent. 他有阿拉伯血统。

description
description　［dɪˈskrɪpʃən］
n. 描写，描述
例 The advertisement's description was very misleading. 那则广告的描述非常具有误导性。

desert
desert
例 The hot dry sand of the desert burned our feet. 沙漠中炙热干燥的沙子烫伤了我们的脚。
例 He deserted his first wife and married a new one. 他抛弃了第一任妻子，又重新娶了一位。
联 deserted adj. 荒芜的，荒废的

deserve
deserve　［dɪˈzɜːv］
vt. 应得〈同 be worthy of〉
例 After five years at college, I think I deserve a good job. 经过五年的大学学习，我认为自己应该得到一份好工作。
联 undeserved adj. 不应得的；不该受的

design
design　［dɪˈzaɪn］
n. 设计，图案〈同 pattern〉
例 The design on John's new jacket is beautiful. 约翰的新夹克上的图案非常漂亮。

designate
designate［'dezɪgneɪt］
vt. 指定，任命〈同 nominate, name〉
例　The teacher has designated me as the group leader. 老师指定我为小组组长。

desirable
desirable　［dɪˈzaɪərəbəl］
adj. 令人向往的；令人满意的〈同 appealing〉
例 I envy Bette because her job is so desirable. 我嫉妒贝特，因为她找的工作太理想了。
记 desir（=desire 欲望）+able→能满足欲望的→令人满意的
联 undesirable adj. 令人不快的

desolate
desolate［'desələt］
adj.（地方）荒凉的，无人烟的〈同　bleak, barren〉
例　At the South Pole lies Antarctica, the coldest and most desolate region on Earth. 位于南极的是南极洲，是地球上最寒冷和最荒凉的区域。

desperate
desperate　［ˈdespərət］
adj. 不顾一切的，拼死的；令人绝望的〈同 hopeless〉
例 The situation was desperate but not hopeless. 这种情形令人绝望，但也不是毫无希望。
记 de（去掉）+sper（希望）+ate→去掉希望的→令人绝望的
联 desperately adv. 迫切地；危急地；desperation n. 绝望

despise
despise［dɪ'spaɪz］
vt. 轻视；鄙视〈同 disdain〉
例　I've always despised people who say nasty things about others. 我一向看不起那些说别人坏话的人。

despoil
despoil［dɪ'spɔɪl］
vt. 夺取，掠夺〈同　plunder, pillage〉
例　The industrial waste is despoiling the environment. 工业废料正在毁灭环境。

dessert
dessert［dɪ'zɜ:t］
n. 餐后甜点
例　We had apple pie and coffee for dessert. 我们的餐后甜点有苹果派和咖啡。

destination
destination　［ˌdestɪˈneɪʃən］
n. 目的地〈同 terminus〉
例 Our tour destination is New York. 我们旅行的目的地是纽约。

destine
destine［'destɪn］
vt. 命中注定；预定〈同 predestine〉
例　Whether as statesman, scientist or philosopher, Benjamin Franklin was destined to gain lasting honor throughout much of the world. 无论是作为政治家、科学家还是哲学家，本杰明·富兰克林注定声名远扬，留芳百世。

destruction
destruction［dɪ'strʌkʃən］
n. 破坏，毁灭〈同 havoc, demolition〉
例　The war brought death and destruction to the city. 战争给这座城市带来了死亡和毁灭。

destructive
destructive［dɪ'strʌktɪv］
adj. 破坏的；毁灭性的〈同 devastating〉
例　The house is being battered by a destructive hurricane. 房子被一场毁灭性的龙卷风损毁。

detach
detach［dɪ'tætʃ］
vt. ① 拆开，分开〈同 disconnect〉
例　She had trouble detaching the gum from her shoe. 她弄不掉鞋上的口香糖。
例　One squad of soldiers was detached to guard the road. 一班士兵被派去防守公路。

detail
detail［'di:teɪl; (US)dɪ'teɪl］
n. 细节，详情
例　Her report was complete; it didn't leave out a single detail. 她完成了报告，没有遗漏任何细节。
vt. 详述，细说〈同 itemize〉
例　Our son detailed all the things he had done on his trip to Europe to us. 我们的儿子把他在去欧洲的旅途中所做的事详细地跟我们说明了。

detect
detect　［dɪˈtekt］
vt. 察觉，发觉；探测〈同 discern; explore〉
例 I detected a tinge of sadness in his voice. 我在他的声音中察觉到一丝淡淡的忧伤。
联 detective n. 侦探 adj. 侦探的；detectable adj. 可发觉的；可查明的；detection n. 察觉

detective
detective［dɪ'tektɪv］
n. 侦探〈同 investigator〉
例　Sherlock Holmes is the best known of all fictional detectives. 夏洛克·福尔摩斯是所有虚构故事中最有名的侦探。

deter
deter［dɪ'tɜ:(r)］
vt. 阻碍，制止，使踌躇〈同　stop, prevent〉
例　Threats did not deter the lady from revealing the identity of the murderer. 威胁不会阻止那位女士揭露杀人凶手的身份。

detergent
detergent［dɪ'tɜ:ʤənt］
n. 清洁剂，洗涤剂〈同　cleanser〉
例　Many new detergents have replaced soap. 许多种新型洗涤剂已经替代了肥皂。

deteriorate
deteriorate［dɪ'tɪərɪəreɪt］
v.（使）恶化；（使）质量下降〈同 become worse, decline〉
例　Your health will deteriorate if you work so hard. 如果你这么拼命工作，你的健康将会恶化。

determinant
determinant［dɪ'tɜ:mɪnənt］
n. 决定因素
例　The salary that the new job offers is the determinant in my job transfer. 新工作提供的工资是我跳槽的决定性因素。

determination
determination　［dɪˌtɜːmɪˈneɪʃən］
n. 决心；果断〈同 resolution〉
例 They are pursuing their aims with dogged determination. 他们以坚定的决心追求自己的目标。

detest
detest［dɪ'test］
vt. 深恶，憎恶〈同　abhor, loathe〉
例　I can forgive an honest mistake, but I detest an attempt to cover up mistakes by lying. 我可以原谅无心之过，但我憎恨试图通过撒谎来掩盖错误的行为。

detrimental
detrimental［ˌdetrɪ'mentəl］
adj. 有害的〈同　adverse, harmful〉
例　Smoking cigarettes is detrimental to your health. 吸烟对健康有害。

devastate
devastate［'devəsteɪt］
vt. 毁坏；使不知所措〈同　ruin, destory〉
例　Many villages were devastated by the famine this year. 今年，许多村子都遭受了饥荒。

deviate
deviate［'di:vɪeɪt］
v.（使）背离，（使）偏离〈同 diverge〉
例　His account of the accident seems to deviate from the facts. 他对事故的陈述似乎偏离了事实。

devise
devise　［dɪˈvaɪz］
vt. 设计；发明〈同 create〉
例 The government devised a scheme to house the refugees. 政府制订了一个收容难民的计划。
联 deviser n. 设计者

devoid
devoid［dɪ'vɔɪd］
adj. 全无的，缺乏的（of）〈同　free of, lacking〉
例　Most of this barren land is devoid of vegetation. 这片荒地上的大部分地方都没有植被。

devote
devote　［dɪˈvəʊt］
vt. 投入于，献身于〈同 dedicate〉
例 She devoted all her spare time to fishing. 她把所有的业余时间都用在钓鱼上了。
联 devoted adj. 热心的，非常忠实的；devotion n. 热爱，忠诚

devour
devour［dɪ'vaʊə(r)］
vt. 贪婪地吃，吞食〈同　consume, gorge〉
例　The hungry man devoured the rich food greedily. 那个饥饿的人贪婪地吞食着丰盛的食物。

diagnose
diagnose［'daɪəgˌnəʊs］
vt. 诊断〈同 analyze, identify〉
例　The doctor diagnosed the disease as measles. 医生诊断这种疾病为麻疹。

diagnose
diagnose［'daɪəɡnəʊz］
v. 诊断
解　find out the nature of by examination and careful study; identify
例　The doctor diagnosed the disease as measles. 医生将这种疾病诊断为麻疹。
近　nose n. 鼻子；嗅觉；nostrum n. 秘方药，万灵丹

diagonal
diagonal［daɪ'ægənəl］
n./adj. 对角线（的）
例　The diagonal of squares makes two triangles. 正方形的对角线把它划分成两个三角形。

diagram
diagram　［ˈdaɪəɡræm］
n. 图表〈同 graph〉
例 He followed the instructions on the diagram. 他遵照图表中的说明（进行操作）。

dialect
dialect　［ˈdaɪəlekt］
n. 方言，土话
例 My grandfather spoke a rural Greek dialect. 我爷爷说的是希腊乡下的方言。

dialect
dialect［'daɪəlekt］
n. 方言
解　variety of a spoken language peculiar to a particular district
例　Although Mandarin is the national language of China, there are many dialects. 虽然普通话是中国的官方语言，但是各地也有很多方言。

dialogue
dialogue［'daɪəlɔɡ; (US)'daɪəlɔ:ɡ］
n. 对话
解　a conversation between two persons
例　That book has a good plot and a lot of clever dialogues. 那本书情节很不错，而且有许多睿智的对话。

diameter
diameter［daɪ'æmɪtə(r)］
n. 直径
解　the length of a line segment; measurement from one side to the other through the center; width; thickness of a circle
例　The diameter of a circle is usually measured through the center. 圆的直径需要通过圆心来测量。

diaphanous
diaphanous［daɪ'æfənəs］
adj. （布）精致的，半透明的
解　so thin as to transmit light
例　Gauze is a diaphanous fabric. 薄纱是一种半透明的织物。
构　dia (=through) + phan (=to show, to appear) + ous

dictate
dictate　［dɪkˈteɪt］
vt. 规定；决定，确定〈同 prescribe〉
例 The tennis club rules dictate that suitable footwear must be worn on the courts. 这家网球俱乐部的章程规定，在球场上必须穿适合的鞋子。

dictator
dictator［dɪk'teɪtə(r)］
n. 独裁者〈同 autocrat〉
例　The dictator seized control of the government and took complete power over the people of the country. 独裁者掌握了政权，剥夺了该国人民的一切权利。

diction
diction［'dɪk∫ən］
n. 措辞，用语〈同　phrase, wording〉
例　The student showed good diction in his book report. 那名学生在他的读书报告中表现出很好的文笔。

dictionary
dictionary［'dɪkʃənəri］
n. 字典
解　book that explains the words of a language or a language of some special subject
例　You can use this dictionary to find out the meaning, spelling, or pronunciation of a word. 你可以使用这个词典查找单词的释义、拼写或者发音。

diet
diet　［ˈdaɪət］
n. 饮食，食物 〈同 nutritional plan〉
例 Human beings need a diet which includes adequate protein. 人类需要富含蛋白质的食物。
vi. 节食，忌食
例 A fat person ought to diet and go for a walk daily. 肥胖的人应该节食，并每天坚持散步。
联 dietary adj. 饮食的；dieter n. 节食者，减肥者；dietitian n. 营养学家；dietetics n. 营养学

differentiate
differentiate［ˌdɪfə'renʃɪeɪt］
v. 区分，区别〈同 set apart, discriminate〉
例　Consideration for others differentiates a thoughtful person from a thoughtless person. 能否为别人考虑是体贴的人与不体贴的人之间的区别。

diffident
diffident［'dɪfɪdənt］
adj. 缺乏自信的，羞怯的
解　lacking self-confidence
例　The new kid at school was very diffident and would sit in the corner while the other boys and girls played games outside. 这个新来的小孩非常羞怯，当别的小孩在外面玩耍的时候，他总是一个人坐在角落里。
同　diffidence n. 羞怯
构　dif < dis (=not) + fid (=trust) + ent

diffuse
diffuse［dɪ'fju:s］
v. 扩散；散播〈同 spread out〉
例　Schools and libraries diffuse knowledge. 学校和图书馆都传播知识。
adj. 散开的，弥漫的〈同 dispersed〉
例　The technology is diffused and adopted by other countries. 这项技术在其他国家得到传播和使用。

diffuse
diffuse［dɪ'fju:z］
adj. 漫射的，散漫的 v. 散布，（光等）漫射
解　adj. spread out, not concentrated in one place v. pour out or spread widely
例　The rumors diffused around the audience that the speaker was the prime minister. “演讲者就是首相”的传言在观众中传播开来。

digest
digest　［dɪˈʤest; daɪˈʤest］
vt. 消化〈同 assimilate〉
例 Certain people find that they cannot digest meat easily. 某些人发现自己很难消化肉类。
联 digestion n. 消化；digestive adj. 消化的，有助消化的

digestion
digestion［daɪ'ʤestʃən］
n. 消化
例　Protein digestion begins in the stomach and ends in the small intestine. 蛋白质的消化从胃部开始，在小肠里结束。

dignity
dignity［'dɪgnɪtɪ］
n. 尊严，高贵〈同 nobility〉
例　The king should manifest the dignity matching his status. 国王应该展现出与自己地位相符的尊严。

digress
digress［daɪ'ɡres］
v. 离题，把（话题）叉开
解　to turn aside esp. from the main subject of attention or course of argument
例　The conversation on politics at dinner digressed into an argument about which dessert tasted better. 晚餐时，大家原本关于政治的讨论最后演变成了关于哪个甜点更可口的争论。
同　digression n. 离题；枝节；digressive adj. 离题的
构　di < dis (=apart) + gress (=to walk)

digression
digression［daɪ'gre∫ən］
n. 离题，扯到枝节上〈同　deviation, diversion〉
例　Talking about money now would be a digression from the main purpose of this meeting. 现在谈论钱的问题，就偏离了这次会议的主要目的。

dilate
dilate［daɪ'leɪt］
vt. 使膨胀，使扩大〈同　expand, enlarge〉
例　The optometrist's solution dilated the pupils of my eyes. 验光师点的眼药水使我的瞳孔放大了。

dilemma
dilemma［daɪ'lemə; dɪ'lemə］
n. 困境，进退两难〈同 predicament〉
例　Janet faced the dilemma of whether to go abroad to study or earn a lot of money in China by taking advantage of her current good opportunity. 珍妮特面临进退两难的境地，她不知道是该出国深造，还是该利用这次机会在中国挣更多的钱。

diligent
diligent［'dɪlɪʤənt］
adj. 勤勉的，勤奋的〈同 assiduous, industrious〉
例　He's not especially clever, but he's a diligent worker and should do well in the examinations. 他不是特别聪明，但他是一个勤奋的工人，应该会在这次考核中取得好成绩。

dilute
dilute［daɪ'lju:t; (US)daɪ'lu:t］
vt. 稀释，淡化〈同 weaken, attenuate〉
例　She preferred her coffee diluted with milk. 她更喜欢用牛奶稀释咖啡。

dim
dim　［dɪm］
adj. 暗淡的，模糊的〈同 weak〉
例 The light is too dim for me to read easily. 灯光太暗了，我没法阅读。

dimension
dimension　［dɪˈmenʃən; daɪˈmenʃən］
n. 尺寸；尺度〈同 measure〉
例 The estate agent's brochure specifies the dimensions of each room. 房产经纪人的小册子里详细列明了每个房间的面积。
联 dimensional adj. 空间的

dimension
dimension［daɪ'menʃən］
n. 维度；尺寸；面积范围或大小；规模
解　size; extent or magnitude; scope
例　Children usually draw pictures that have only one dimension to them. 小孩子通常只会画一维的画。

diminish
diminish［dɪ'mɪnɪʃ］
v.（使）减少，（使）变小〈同 dwindle, reduce〉
例　The excessive heat diminished as the sun went down. 随着太阳下山，余热也慢慢减退。

diminish
diminish［dɪ'mɪnɪʃ］
v. （使）减少，（使）变小
解　to make or become less; reduce in size, degree, importance, etc.
例　Without insurance, your medical expenses can quickly diminish your savings. 如果没有医疗保险的话，你的积蓄很快就会被你的医疗费用所耗尽。
构　di < dis (=apart) + min (=small) + ish

diminutive
diminutive［dɪ'mɪnjutɪv］
adj. 小巧可爱的 n. 爱称，昵称（极小的人或物）
解　very small; tiny n. a word that is formed with a suffix to indicate smallness
例　Though he was diminutive, he had a lot of power in the government. 他虽然身材矮小，但在政府里拥有很大的权力。

dine
dine［daɪn］
vi. 就餐〈同 eat〉
例　Let's dine out tonight. 我们今天晚上去外面吃饭吧。

dioxide
dioxide［daɪ'ɒksaɪd］
n. 二氧化物
例　Dioxide is the oxide having two atoms of oxygen for each molecule. 二氧化物是每一个分子中含有两个氧原子的氧化物。

dip
dip　［dɪp］
v. 浸，蘸，沾〈同 immerse〉
例 Originally, matches were narrow strips of wood whose tips were dipped in kerosene. 最初，火柴都是一端浸了煤油的细木条。

diploma
diploma［dɪ'pləʊmə］
n. 文凭，毕业证书〈同 certificate〉
例　Companies hiring today require a high school diploma as a bare minimum. 现在公司招聘要求的最低学历是中学。

diplomatic
diplomatic　［ˌdɪpləˈmætɪk］
adj. 外交的；老练的〈同 tactful〉
例 Diplomatic negotiations generally take place in embassies or in the foreign offices of the countries where ambassadors are accredited. 外交谈判通常在大使馆或者在大使被认可的国家的办公室中举行。
记 来自名词diplomat（外交家，外交官）

directory
directory［dɪ'rektəri］
n. 目录，指南〈同 catalog〉
例　A telephone book is a directory of people who have telephones. 电话本是一本电话持有者的目录。

dirt
dirt［dɜ:t］
n. 泥土；污垢
例　She had dirt on her shoes when she came in from the muddy street. 她从泥泞的街道上走进来的时候，鞋子上都是泥。

disable
disable［dɪs'eɪbəl］
vt. 使残废；使失去能力〈同 cripple〉
例　Traffic accidents disable thousands of children a year. 交通事故每年造成数以千计的儿童残疾。

disaffect
disaffect［ˌdɪsə'fekt］
v. 使不满，使叛离
解　to arouse enmity or indifference where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness
例　The inconsiderate words she spoke to him disaffected him and created a feeling of resentment. 她对他说的话没有体谅他的感受，这让他十分不满，心中产生一股怨恨。
同　disaffected adj. （政治上）不满的，叛离的；disaffection n. 政治上不满，叛离

disapprove
disapprove［ˌdɪsə'pru:v］
v. 不赞成，不喜欢
解　to consider bad or wrong; refuse to approve
例　The board of directors disapproved of the merger proposal because of inequitable stipulations. 由于合同条款不公平，董事会没有批准合并计划。
同　disapproval n. 不同意

disarm
disarm［dɪs'ɑ:m］
v. ① 解除武装 ② 缓和，消除（敌意、疑虑），取得…的信任或好感
解　① to take away the weapons from ② to gain the trust or favor of, esp. through friendliness
例　The police disarmed the thief before he could hurt anyone. 警察缴了小偷的械防止他伤害到别人。
同　disarming adj. 使消除的，使解除警戒心的
构　dis (=away) + arm (=weapon)

disaster
disaster［dɪ'zɑ:stə(r); (US)dɪ'zæstər］
n. 灾难，不幸；彻底的失败〈同 catastrophe, misfortune〉
例　The month-long period of rain was a disaster for the farmer. 持续一个月之久的降雨对农民来说是一场灾难。

discard
discard　［dɪˈskɑːd］
vt. 丢弃〈同 jettison, get rid of〉
例 When he purchased a new coat, he discarded his old one. 他买了新衣服，就丢掉了旧衣服。

discern
discern［dɪ'sɜ:n］
vt. 看出；察觉到〈同 detect, perceive〉
例　It was too hard to discern the location of the hidden key. 找到藏起来的钥匙实在是太难了。

discharge
discharge
例 Large amount of dangerous waste is discharged daily by the factory. 这家工厂每天都在排放大量的有害废弃物。
例 It has been claimed that the discharge from the nuclear plant is entirely safe. 据称，核电站的排放物是完全安全的。

disciple
disciple［dɪ'saɪpəl］
n. 门徒，弟子，追随着〈同　follower, adherent〉
例　Aristotle, a famous philosopher of ancient Greece, had a large number of disciples. 古希腊著名哲学家亚里士多德有许多门徒。

discipline
discipline　［ˈdɪsəplɪn］
n. ① 纪律；训练〈同 regulation, constraint; training〉
例 Children who have had no discipline are often hard to teach. 不遵守纪律的孩子通常很难教。
例 The student chose the discipline of mathematics. 那个学生选择了数学这门学科。
联 subdiscipline n.（学科的）分支，分科；disciplined adj. 遵守纪律的

disclaim
disclaim［dɪs'kleɪm］
v. ① 放弃权利 ② 拒绝承认
解　① to give up all claim to ② to refuse to recognize one's own; deny connection with
例　They disclaimed ownership of the house and explained that they were only renting it. 他们否认拥有这座房屋的所有权，声称只是租用。
同　declamation n. 高谈阔论，高声说话；高调
构　dis (=not) + claim (=to cry out)

disclose
disclose［dɪs'kləʊz］
vt. 揭露；透露；露出〈同 reveal〉
例　I can't disclose the source of my information, because I promised not to tell. 我不能公开我的信息来源，因为我答应过不会说出去。

discomfort
discomfort［dɪs'kʌmfət］
n. 不适〈同　distress, uneasiness〉
例　He went to the hospital and told the doctor about the discomfort in his chest. 他去了医院，并把自己胸部不适的症状告诉了医生。

discount
discount
例 Since the product was defective, the manager agreed to a discount. 由于这件商品存在缺陷，因此经理同意打折。
例 The police discounted what the informer said. 警方对线人的话持怀疑态度。

discourage
discourage［dɪs'kʌrɪʤ］
vt. 使气馁；阻碍〈同 depress〉
例　Nothing will discourage him from his determination to take part in the London Marathon. 没有什么能动摇他参加伦敦马拉松赛的决心。

discourse
discourse［'dɪskɔ:s］
n. 讲道，演讲〈同　speech, lecture〉
例　The priest delivered a long discourse in the evils of untruthfulness. 牧师发表了关于虚伪的邪恶之处的长篇大论。

discredit
discredit［dɪs'kredɪt］
v. ① 败坏名声，丧失名誉 ② 怀疑
解　① to damage the reputation of ② to cast doubt on
例　Her poor performance in the orchestra discredited her fame as the best singer in the world. 她在管弦乐队的糟糕表现败坏了她作为世界最出色歌手的好名声。
构　dis (=not) + cred (=to believe) + it

discrepancy
discrepancy［dɪ'skrepənsi］
n. 相差，差异；矛盾〈同 disparity, conflict〉
例　There was a discrepancy in the two witnesses' reports of the accident. 在这两份目击者关于交通事故的报告中有矛盾之处。

discrete
discrete［dɪ'skri:t］
adj. 独立的；不连续的，离散的〈同 separate, individual〉
例　These computers operate in a series of discrete steps. 这些计算机以一连串独立的步骤运行。

discriminate
discriminate［dɪ'skrɪmɪneɪt］
v. ① 区别，辨别〈同 distinguish〉
例　The twins' appearance is alike and I cannot discriminate one from another. 这对双胞胎长得很像，我无法分辨出他们谁是谁。
例　It is wrong to discriminate against people because of their race, religion, nationality or sex. 因为种族、宗教、国籍或者是性别的原因而去歧视他人是错误的。

discursive
discursive［dɪ'skɜ:sɪv］
adj. 散漫的，离题的
解　wandering from one point or subject to another; digressing
例　They were annoyed and bored by his discursive remarks. 他东拉西扯的评论让他们既恼怒又厌烦。
构　dis (=apart) + curs (=to run) + ive

disembodied
disembodied［ˌdɪsɪm'bɒdid］
adj. 无实质的，无实体的
解　not having a material body
例　Ghosts are usually thought of as disembodied spirits. 鬼魂通常被看做是无实体的灵魂。

disgrace
disgrace［dɪs'greɪs］
vt. 玷污，给…带来耻辱〈同　humiliate〉
例　The warrior's dishonorable actions disgraced his tribe. 那名战士不光彩的行为让他的部族蒙羞。
n. 耻辱〈同　dishonor, shame〉
例　Mary was so drunk at the wedding that she was a disgrace to her family. 玛丽在婚礼上喝得酩酊大醉，对她家人来说真是耻辱。

disguise
disguise［dɪs'gaɪz］
n./vt. 伪装，掩盖〈同 camouflage, conceal〉
例　At Halloween I disguised myself as a ghost. 过万圣节时，我把自己伪装成鬼怪。

disgust
disgust　［dɪsˈɡʌst］
n. 厌恶，嫌恶〈同 repulsion〉
例 The horror film filled Mike with disgust. 那部恐怖电影让迈克感到恶心。
联 disgusted adj. 厌烦的；厌恶的；disgusting adj. 令人厌恶的

dishonor
dishonor［dɪs'ɒnə(r)］
n. 不名誉，耻辱〈同 shame〉
例　The robbers brought dishonor to their families. 强盗使他们的家庭蒙受耻辱。
vt. 玷辱，使蒙羞〈同 bring shame to〉
例　She dishonored her family by marrying a thief. 她嫁给了一个小偷，使她的家庭蒙受耻辱。

disillusion
disillusion［ˌdɪsɪ'lu:ʒən］
v. 使醒悟
例　The magician disillusioned everyone when he taught them the secrets of his magic tricks. 魔术师把魔术的秘密告诉所有人之后，大家都恍然大悟。

disinfect
disinfect［ˌdɪsɪn'fekt］
v. 杀菌，消毒
解　to destroy microorganisms or pathogens by cleansing; to sterilize
例　The nurse disinfected the surgeon's tools after every surgery. 在每次手术之后，护士都会给外科医生的手术工具消毒。
同　disinfection n. 消毒，灭菌

disintegrate
disintegrate［dɪs'ɪntɪgreɪt］
v.（使）瓦解，（使）碎裂〈同　fall apart〉
例　The spacecraft disintegrated as it entered the Earth's atmosphere. 这艘宇宙飞船进入地球大气层之后便解体了。

disintegrate
disintegrate［dɪs'ɪntɪɡreɪt］
v. 分裂成小片，瓦解
解　to break into parts or small bits
例　A nuclear war could disintegrate the world as we know it. 我们都知道，一场核战争会毁灭世界。
同　disintegration n. 分裂，瓦解

disinterested
disinterested［dɪs'ɪntrɪstɪd］
adj. 不感兴趣的；无私的，公平的〈同　indifferent; impartial, unbiased〉
例　Mary is completely disinterested in the matter and can judge fairly. 在这件事上，玛丽是绝对公正的，可以公平地做出判断。

dismal
dismal［'dɪzməl］
adj. ①暗的，凄凉的〈同　gloomy, bleak〉
例　The planet Saturn is so far from the sun that it is thought of as cold and dismal. 土星距离太阳太远，被认为是一颗冰冷而荒凉的星球。
例　Sickness often makes a person feel dismal. 生病经常会让一个人感到沮丧。

dismay
dismay［dɪs'meɪ］
n./vt.（使）惊慌；（使）沮丧〈同 discourage, consternation〉
例　They were filled with dismay when they saw the rattlesnake. 他们看见响尾蛇之后惊慌失措。

dismember
dismember［dɪs'membə(r)］
vt. 肢解，分割〈同　dissect, split up〉
例　The curious boy dismembered the insect in order to see how it worked. 那个好奇的男孩为了研究昆虫而将它肢解了。

dismiss
dismiss　［dɪsˈmɪs］
vt. 解散；摒除（思想、感情等）〈同 send away; eliminate〉
例 Believing in John's love for her, she dismissed the notion that he might be unfaithful. 她相信约翰对她的爱，于是打消了他可能不忠诚的想法。

disorder
disorder　［dɪsˈɔːdə(r)］
n. 杂乱，紊乱
例 The whole office was in a state of disorder—she couldn't find a thing. 整间办公室一片混乱——她一件东西也找不到。
记 dis（不）+order（正常状态）→不是正常状态→杂乱，紊乱
联 disorderly adj. 混乱的

disorganize
disorganize［dɪs'ɔ:gənaɪz］
vt. 扰乱，使混乱〈同　disarrange, disorder〉
例　His lateness disorganized my schedule. 他的迟到打乱了我的计划。

disoriented
disoriented［dɪs'ɔ:rɪəntɪd］
adj. 迷失方向的
解　confused as to time or place or personal identity
例　It is easy to become disoriented in the forest. 在森林里很容易迷失方向。

disparage
disparage［dɪ'spærɪʤ］
v. 贬抑，轻蔑
解　to express a negative opinion of
例　He could not stand how she disparaged other people behind their backs. 他无法忍受她在背后说别人的坏话。
构　dis (=not) + par (=equal) + age

disparate
disparate［'dɪspərɪt］
adj. 截然不同的，不可并论的
解　basically different; unrelated
例　The marriage between the disparate couple was doomed to fail. 这对夫妻的性格截然不同，他们的婚姻注定会失败。
构　dis (=away) + par (=equal) + ate

dispassionate
dispassionate［dɪ'spæʃənɪt］
adj. 冷静的，不带感情的，平心静气的
解　free from passion; not taking sides in a quarrel between others; calm
例　You must try to subdue the natural emotions of a parent and make a dispassionate decision that will be in the best interest of your son. 你必须努力克制住为人父母的自然感情，冷静地作出一个最有利于你儿子的决定。
构　dis (=not) + pass (=to feel, to suffer) + ion + ate

dispatch
dispatch［dɪ'spætʃ］
vt.（紧急）派遣〈同 send off〉
例　Two loads of woolen cloth were dispatched to the factory on December 12th. 两车呢绒在12月12日被送到了工厂。
n. 派遣；急件；重要消息
例　The correspondent in Paris rushed news dispatches to her newspaper in New York. 在巴黎的通讯员紧急将新闻发送给了她在纽约的报社。

dispense
dispense［dɪ'spens］
vt. 分配，分发〈同　distribute, give out〉
例　The political candidate dispensed lots of leaflets. 那位政治候选人派发了大量传单。

disperse
disperse［dɪ'spɜ:s］
vt. 分散，散开〈同 scatter〉
例　The police fired tear gas into the crowd to disperse the protesters. 警察喷射催泪瓦斯驱赶抗议的人群。

dispirited
dispirited［dɪ'spɪrɪtɪd］
adj. 垂头丧气的
解　lacking in spirit; depressed
例　The coach used all the tricks at his command to buoy up the enthusiasm of his team, which had become dispirited at the loss of the star player. 由于明星队员的流失，球队士气不振，教练想尽各种办法来调动球员们的热情。

displace
displace［dɪs'pleɪs］
vt. 移置，转移；取代，替代〈同 move〉
例　The building of a new dam will displace thousands of people who live in this area. 建造一座新的水坝将使数以千计生活在这里的人转移。

displace
displace［dɪs'pleɪs］
v. ① 使移动 ② 取代
解　① to put out of the proper or accustomed place; to move ② to take the place of
例　The forest fire displaced hundreds of wild animals from their homes. 森林大火使数百个野生动物无家可归。
同　displaced adj. 替换的，转移的

display
display　［dɪsˈpleɪ］
vt. 陈列；显示〈同 exhibit〉
例 The permit should be clearly displayed in the front window. 应把许可证醒目地摆放在前窗位置。
n. 陈列，展览；显示〈同 demonstration〉
例 The museum's display of ancient jewelry attracted many visitors. 博物馆举办的古代珠宝展览吸引了许多参观者。

disposal
disposal［dɪ'spəʊzəl］
n. 垃圾倾倒；处置〈同 getting rid of, discarding〉
例　Locals are objecting to the park being used as a disposal site for household waste. 当地人反对将公园用作家庭垃圾的处理场。

dispose
dispose　［dɪˈspəʊz］
v. 处理，处置（of）〈同 cope with, settle〉
例 Nuclear waste is often disposed of in the ocean. 处理核废料的方式通常是投入海洋。
联 disposed adj. 有…倾向的

dispose
dispose［dɪ'spəʊz］
v. 处理
解　to give, sell, or transfer to another; cast away
例　They disposed of the old truck at the landfill. 他们在垃圾填埋区处理了这台老旧的卡车。
同　disposal n. 处理，丢弃；disposable adj. 可任意处理的

disposed
disposed［dɪ'spəʊzd］
adj. 有…倾向的；有意，愿意
解　inclined
例　Since the president was unexpectedly busy, he was not disposed to meet his friends for dinner as he had planned. 总裁没想到自己会这么忙，所以他不打算按照计划去和朋友们吃饭了。

disposition
disposition［ˌdɪspə'zɪʃən］
n. 性情；倾向〈同 temperament, tendency〉
例　His cheerful and kind disposition made him popular. 他开朗和善的性格让他很受欢迎。

disproportionate
disproportionate［ˌdɪsprə'pɔ:∫ənət］
adj. 不成比例的〈同　unequal, unbalanced〉
例　The country's great influence in the world is disproportionate to its relatively small size. 那个国家在世界上的巨大影响力与其相对较小的国土面积不成比例。

disprove
disprove［ˌdɪs'pru:v］
v. 反驳，驳斥，证明…有误
解　to prove to be false or wrong
例　The new evidence was useless; it neither proved nor disproved anything. 这个新证据没有用，它既不能证明什么，也不能推翻什么。

dispute
dispute
例 The worker did not think his salary was high enough and had a dispute with the boss. 那名工人认为自己的工资不够高，于是与老板发生了争执。
例 Critics have disputed the official unemployment figures. 评论家们对官方的失业数据提出质疑。

dispute
dispute［dɪ'spju:t］
n./v. 争论；异议
解　n. a verbal controversy; a debate v. to have a disagreement over something
例　Since the companies could not resolve the dispute themselves, it was taken to court. 由于公司间不能自行解决纠纷，于是交由法庭来解决。
近　deputy n. 副警长；代理人，代表
同　disputatious adj. 好争辩的

disquiet
disquiet［dɪs'kwaɪət］
v./n. 担心，焦虑
解　v. to make uneasy or anxious; to disturb n. uneasy feelings; anxiety
例　Although she had done nothing wrong, the appearance of the police disquieted her. 尽管她没做过什么坏事，但警察的出现还是让她感到不安。

disregard
disregard［ˌdɪsrɪ'gɑ:d］
n./vt. 不理会；漠视〈同 ignore, take no notice of〉
例　Disregarding the cold weather, we played outside all day. 我们全然不顾寒冷的天气，在外面玩了一整天。

disreputable
disreputable［dɪs'repjʊtəbəl］
adj. 品格不端的；名声不好的
解　lacking respectability in character, behavior or appearance
例　Eric was one of the most disreputable figures in the town because of his history of deceit and fraud. 埃里克由于其诈骗的前科而成为了这个镇上名声最不好的人之一。
构　dis (=not) + re (=again) + put (=to consider) + able

disrepute
disrepute［ˌdɪsrɪ'pju:t］
n. 坏名声，不光彩〈同　discredit, dishonor〉
例　Dishonest dealings have brought that company into a state of disrepute. 欺诈交易让那家公司名誉扫地。

disrepute
disrepute［ˌdɪsrɪ'pju:t］
n. 坏名声
解　the state of being held in low esteem
例　Politicians are usually sensitive to anything that will bring disrepute to them when they are seeking reelection. 政客们在打算再次参加竞选时，通常会对败坏他们名誉的事情很敏感。

disrupt
disrupt［dɪs'rʌpt］
vt. 使混乱，使中断〈同 upset, interrupt〉
例　A heavy snowfall had disrupted the city's transportation system. 一场暴雪让这座城市的交通陷入瘫痪。

disseminate
disseminate［dɪ'semɪneɪt］
vt. 传播，宣传〈同　distribute, spread〉
例　During a weather emergency, the radio station disseminates important information. 在紧急天气情况下，电台会播出重要信息。

dissenter
dissenter［dɪ'sentə(r)］
n. 不同意者，反对者〈同　objector〉
例　The dissenter refused to accept the vote. 反对者拒绝接受选举结果。

dissertation
dissertation［ˌdɪsə'teɪ∫ən］
n. 论文〈同　thesis, discourse〉
例　In order to earn a graduate degree from many of our universities, a candidate is frequently required to prepare a dissertation on some scholarly subject. 为了在大学获得研究生学位，在校生常常被要求就某些学术主题准备一篇论文。

dissimilar
dissimilar［dɪ'sɪmɪlə(r)］
adj. 不同的，相异的〈同　unlike, different〉
例　The new house is not dissimilar to our old one except that it's a bit bigger. 除了大了一些，新房子与我们的旧房子没有什么不同。

dissipate
dissipate［'dɪsɪpeɪt］
vi. 消失，消散〈同 disappear, scatter〉
例　Darkness soon dissipated as morning dawned. 破晓时，黑夜被一驱而散。

dissolve
dissolve　［dɪˈzɒlv］
vt. 使溶解〈同 melt〉
例 Some kinds of medicine have to be dissolved in water before being taken. 有一些药品在服用之前，必须用水溶解。

distasteful
distasteful［dɪs'teɪstfʊl］
adj.（令人）不愉快的，讨厌的〈同　abhorrent, displeasing, disagreeable〉
例　Spreading manure on the garden is a distasteful job, but someone must do it. 在花园里施肥是个让人讨厌的活，但必须有人去做。

distend
distend［dɪ'stend］
v. （使）膨胀，胀大
解　to stretch out; to swell out; to expand
例　The balloon distended almost to the bursting point. 气球膨胀得快要爆炸了。
同　distention n. 膨胀；延伸

distill
distill［dɪ'stɪl］
vt. 蒸馏，提取〈同 extract〉
例　A substance is distilled in order to purify it, to separate its liquid parts from its solid parts, or to break it down into separate substances. 蒸馏是为了净化物质，或者将液体从固体中分离出来，又或者是将它分解成分离的物质。

distinct
distinct　［dɪˈstɪŋkt］
adj. 明确的，确实的；不同的〈同 definite〉
例 The twins may look alike, but they have quite distinct personalities. 那对双胞胎看起来很像，但他们却有着迥然不同的个性。
联 distinctly adv. 明显地，清楚地；不同地

distinction
distinction　［dɪˈstɪŋkʃən］
n. ① 差别，特性〈同 difference〉
例 The only distinction between the twins is their eye color. 那对双胞胎唯一的区别是他们眼睛的颜色。
例 The awards added distinction to the author's reputation. 这些奖项让这位作家更加有声望。

distinctive
distinctive［dɪ'stɪŋktɪv］
adj. 有特色的，出众的〈同　special, unique〉
例　A police officer wears a distinctive uniform. 警官穿着特殊的制服。

distinguish
distinguish　［dɪsˈtɪŋɡwɪʃ］
vt. 区别，辨认〈同 characterize〉
例 The little girl forgot to wear her glasses and could not distinguish between the rope and a snake. 那个小女孩忘了戴眼镜，结果分不清绳子和蛇。
联 distinguished adj. 著名的；显赫的

distort
distort［dɪ'stɔ:t］
vt. 弄歪（形状等）；歪曲〈同 deform, twist〉
例　His face was distorted in agony. 他的表情因为痛苦而扭曲。

distract
distract［dɪ'strækt］
vt. 使…分心，分散（注意力）〈同 disturb〉
例　The noise of traffic outside the classroom may distract the students' focus of attention. 教室外面的交通噪音可能会分散学生们的注意力。

distress
distress　［dɪˈstres］
n. 悲痛，不幸，穷困〈同 discomfort〉
例 Although she said she was okay, her face showed her distress over the death of her boyfriend. 虽然她说自己没事，但从她的脸色能看出男朋友的离世给她带来的悲痛。

distribute
distribute　［dɪˈstrɪbjuːt］
vt. 分配；分发，散布〈同 disseminate〉
例 Someone dressed in a rabbit costume distributes leaflets to passersby. 有个穿着兔子服装的人向行人发传单。
联 distribution n. 分发，分配

district
district［'dɪstrɪkt］
n. 区域，地区〈同 region, area〉
例　Wall Street is in the financial district of New York. 华尔街位于纽约的金融区。

disturb
disturb　［dɪˈstɜːb］
vt. 打扰，扰乱〈同 bother〉
例 Every morning the birds disturb my sleep. 每天早上，那些鸟都会打扰我睡觉。
联 undisturbed adj. 没受干扰的，安静的；disturbance n. 骚动，动乱

disturbance
disturbance［dɪ'stɜ:bəns］
n. 骚动，动乱〈同 disorder〉
例　The police were called to quieten the disturbance at the street corner. 警察被派去平息街角的骚乱。

dive
dive［daɪv］
vi. 潜水；跳水〈同　plunge, plummet〉
例　Mary dived dove into the sea from the rocks. 玛丽从岩石上跳入海中。

divergent
divergent［daɪ'vɜ:ʤənt; dɪ'vɜ:ʤənt］
adj. 有分歧的，有差异的〈同　different, conflicting〉
例　In a democracy, we expect people to have divergent views and to express them openly. 在民主国家，我们希望人们可以有不同的观点，并且可以公开表达自己的观点。

diverse
diverse　［daɪˈvɜːs］
adj. 不同的；变化多的〈同 various〉
例 Even though the topography of different areas of the southwestern United States is diverse, the weather patterns are quite similar. 虽然美国西南部不同地区的地形多种多样，但天气模式却非常相似。
记 di（两个，双）+verse（转）→向两个方向转开→不同的
联 diversify vt. 使多样化；diversified adj. 多样化的；diversification n. 多样化；diversity n. 差异，多样性

diversion
diversion［daɪ'vɜ:ʃən; (US)daɪ'vɜ:rʒn］
n. ① 转移，转换〈同 turning aside〉
例　A magician's talk creates a diversion of attention so that people do not see how the tricks are done. 魔术师通过说话来转移观众的注意力，这样观众们就无法看清楚魔术是怎么变的了。
例　After studying for several hours, he needed a diversion from work. 在学习了几个小时之后，他需要停下来放松一会儿。

diversity
diversity［daɪ'vɜ:sɪti］
n. 差异，多样〈同　variety, difference〉
例　The dogmatic dictator would brook no diversity of opinions. 那个固执己见的独裁者不能容忍不同意见。

divert
divert［daɪ'vɜ:t］
v. 转移，（使）转向〈同 distract〉
例　Traffic will be diverted through the side streets while the main road is resurfaced. 交通将从支路改道，同时主路会重新铺设。

divine
divine［dɪ'vaɪn］
adj. 上帝的，神性的；神圣的〈同 holy〉
例　The Bible describes the creation of the world as a divine act.《圣经》将创造世界描述成神的行为。

divorce
divorce［dɪ'vɔ:s］
v. ① 离婚
例　They divorced after ten years of marriage. 在经历了十年的婚姻之后，他们离婚了。
例　Economics cannot be divorced from politics. 经济无法与政治脱离关系。

dizzy
dizzy［'dɪzi］
adj. 眩晕的〈同 light-headed〉
例　When you spin round and round and stop suddenly, you feel dizzy. 当你转了一圈又一圈然后突然停下来的时候，你会感到眩晕。

dock
dock［dɒk］
n. 码头，船坞
例　Ships load and unload beside a dock. 轮船在码头旁装卸货物。

doctrine
doctrine［'dɒktrɪn］
n. 教义，教旨〈同 principle〉
例　The cult members obeyed their leader's doctrines. 信徒遵循他们教会首领的教义。

dogged
dogged［'dɒgɪd; (US)'dɔ:gɪd］
adj. 顽强的，固执的〈同　determined, persevering〉
例　Her ambition and dogged personality ensured that she rose to the top of her profession. 她的雄心和顽强的个性让她达到了事业的顶峰。

dogma
dogma［'dɒgmə; (US)'dɔ:gmə］
n. 教条，教义，信仰〈同　belief, doctrine〉
例　Atheism and theism are two opposite dogmas. 无神论与有神论是两种相对立的信仰。

dolphin
dolphin［'dɒlfɪn］
n. 海豚
例　The stage dolphin was trained to jump out of the water and through a ring. 表演的海豚经过训练后，会跳出水面，钻圈。

domain
domain［dəʊ'meɪn］
n. 领域，范围〈同 field〉
例　This valley is the domain of our people. Nobody can enter it without our permission. 这座山谷是我们的地盘，任何人未经允许不得入内。

dome
dome［dəʊm］
n. 圆屋顶〈同 vault〉
例　The new baseball stadium is covered by a dome. 新的棒球场由穹形顶覆盖。

domestic
domestic　［dəˈmestɪk］
adj. ① 家里的；家养的〈同 house-hold〉
例 The police called the fight between the husband and wife a domestic matter. 警方说夫妻吵架是家庭内部的事。
例 The President excels at both domestic and international matters. 总统处理国内事务和国际事务均非常出色。
记 dom（= house 家）+ estic→家里的
联 domesticate v. 驯养

domesticate
domesticate［də'mestɪkeɪt］
v. 驯养，驯化〈同　cultivate〉
例　Ducks have been domesticated for many centuries and are raised commercially for their meat and eggs. 鸭子被人工饲养已有数个世纪，在商业上，喂养鸭子是为了获得鸭肉和鸭蛋。

dominant
dominant　［ˈdɒmɪnənt］
adj. 支配的，占优势的〈同 major，important〉
例 In many pieces of music there is a dominant theme on which the rest of the composition is centered. 许多音乐作品中都有一个占主导地位的主题，其他部分均围绕这个主题展开。
记 domin（统治，支配）+ ant→占统治地位的→支配的
联 dominance n. 绝对优势；predominant adj. 主要的，支配地位的

dominant
dominant［'dɒmɪnənt］
adj. ① 显性的 ② 统治的，主要的
解　① (of groups of physical qualities passed on from parent to child) able to appear in the child even if only in the genes of one parent ② most powerful or influential; controlling
例　Humans are the most dominant species on the planet today. 如今，人类是地球上最主要的物种。
近　dome n. 圆屋顶；doomed adj. 命中注定的

dominate
dominate　［ˈdɒmɪneɪt］
vt. 统治，支配，控制〈同 prevail over，monopolize〉
例 The arbitrary old man dominates the whole family. 那个专制的老人控制着整个家族。

dominate
dominate［'dɒmɪneɪt］
v. 控制，支配
解　to have control over
例　The dinosaurs dominated the planet before humans. 在人类出现以前，恐龙主宰着地球。
同　domination n. 控制，支配

domineering
domineering［ˌdɒmɪ'nɪərɪŋ］
adj. 极权的，作威作福的，跋扈的
解　inclined to domineer; arrogant; overbearing
例　I dislike the domineering attitude of people who always want things done their own way. 我不喜欢有些人专横跋扈的态度，他们总希望事情按照自己想要的方式来处理。

donate
donate［dəʊ'neɪt; (US)'dəʊˌneɪt］
vt. 捐赠〈同 grant, contribute〉
例　Susan asked her lawyer to donate all her possessions to charity after her death. 苏珊要求她的律师在她去世后，把她所有的财产捐给慈善机构。

doom
doom［du:m］
vt. 注定〈同 destine〉
例　The prisoner sentenced to death was doomed to be killed. 被判死刑的犯人注定会被处死。

dormant
dormant［'dɔ:mənt］
adj. 静止的，休眠的〈同　hibernated, lethargic〉
例　The dormant volcano has not erupted in two hundred years. 这座休眠火山已有两百年未曾喷发了。

dorsal
dorsal［'dɔ:səl］
adj. 背部的，背脊的〈同　back〉
例　The dorsal fins of sharks and dolphins look the same from a distance. 鲨鱼和海豚的背鳍从远处看是一样的。

dose
dose　［dəʊs］
n.（药的）剂量，(一）服
例 Janet took a dose of medicine every four hours. 珍妮特每四个小时吃一剂药。
联 dosage n. 剂量

dot
dot　［dɒt］
vt. 星罗棋布于〈同 scatter〉
例 The sky is dotted with innumerable stars at night. 夜晚的天空点缀着数不清的星星。
n. 点，圆点
例 The full stop at the end of this sentence is a dot. 本句结尾的句号是个点。

downgrade
downgrade［'daʊnɡreɪd］
v. 贬低
解　to rate lower in value or esteem
例　He downgrades people he does not like, in spite of their merits. 他对他不喜欢的人统统进行贬低，不管他们有什么优点。

downtown
downtown　［ˌdaʊnˈtaʊn］
adv./adj. 在市区（的），往市区（的）
例 We are going to a downtown restaurant tonight. 我们今晚要去市里的一家饭店。

draft
draft　［drɑːft］
n. 草图，草稿〈同 sketch〉
例 Let's make a rough draft of the letter. 我们在写信之前先大致打个草稿吧。
vt. 起草〈同 draw up〉
例 Draft a proposal and we can discuss it at the meeting before any decisions are made. 先起草一份方案，我们便可在会上讨论后再作决定。

drag
drag［dræg］
vt. 拖动〈同 pull, haul〉
例　The woodcutter dragged the heavy fallen tree to the roadside. 樵夫将倒下的、沉重的树拖到了路边。

drain
drain　［dreɪn］
v.（使）流走，（使）排光〈同 draw out〉
例 We drained the pond and filled it with fresh water. 我们把池塘里的水排干，然后注满了清水。
n. 排水；消耗〈同 waste〉
例 Not having anybody to rent my room is a serious drain on my financial resources. 没有人租我的房间，这严重影响了我的收入来源。
记 d+rain→把雨水排掉→排水
联 drainage n. 排水；排出物

drainage
drainage［'dreɪnɪʤ］
n. 排水；排出物
例　The drainage of swamps improved the land. 把沼泽的水排掉提高了土地质量。

drama
drama［'drɑ:mə］
n. 戏剧〈同　play, show〉
例　The drama called Hamlet was performed last night and had many famous actors. 《哈姆雷特》这部戏剧在昨晚上演，里面有许多著名的演员。

dramatic
dramatic［drə'mætɪk］
adj. 戏剧性的；引人注目的〈同 striking〉
例　Shaving off his beard created a dramatic change in his appearance. 他把胡子刮掉之后，相貌发生了戏剧性的改变。

drastic
drastic［'dræstɪk］
adj. 激烈的，猛烈的〈同 radical, severe〉
例　NATO threatened more drastic action if its terms were not met. 北约威胁如果不履行条款，将采取更为激烈的措施。

drawback
drawback［'drɔ:bæk］
n. 弊端，缺点〈同 disadvantage〉
例　The drawback to working the morning shift is having to get up early. 上早班的弊端就是你必须早早起床。

dread
dread［dred］
n. 畏惧，恐怖〈同 fear, terror〉
例　The prospect of meeting her boyfriend's relatives filled Janet with dread. 珍妮特一想到要与她男朋友的亲属见面，就感到十分恐惧。

dreary
dreary［'drɪəri］
adj. 沉闷的，阴郁的〈同　gloomy, dismal〉
例　A cold, rainy day is dreary. 寒冷的下雨天真是沉闷。

drift
drift　［drɪft］
vi. 漂流；漂泊〈同 move aimlessly〉
例 Janet spent the year drifting around Europe. 珍妮特用了一年时间，在欧洲四处漂泊。
联 driftwood n. 浮木；snowdrift n. 雪堆

drill
drill［drɪl］
vt. 钻孔，打眼〈同 bore〉
例　Bob drills an opening in the door for the lock. 鲍勃为了给门装锁，把门钻了一个开口。
n./vi. 训练，操练；反复练习〈同 instruct, train〉
例　He drilled the children in what they should say. 他训练孩子们学会该说什么话。

drought
drought［draʊt］
n. 干旱〈同 dry period〉
例　The water level in the reservoirs was low because of the long drought. 由于长期干旱，水库里的水位变得很低。

drown
drown　［draʊn］
v. 溺死，淹死；淹没
例 Heavy rain drowned the newly planted fields. 大雨淹没了新种植的农田。

drowsy
drowsy［'draʊzi］
adj. 昏昏欲睡的〈同　sleepy, soporific〉
例　Since this medicine may cause you to feel drowsy, do not drive a car or operate machinery. 因为这种药可能导致你昏昏欲睡，因此不要开车或操作机器。

drudgery
drudgery［'drʌʤəri］
n. 苦工，苦差事〈同　tedium, toil〉
例　Microwave ovens and automatic dishwashers have emancipated modern homemakers from much of the household drudgery. 微波炉和自动洗碗机将现代的家庭主妇们从辛苦的家务劳动中解放了出来。

dual
dual［'dju:əl; (US)'du:əl］
adj. 双的；双重的〈同 twofold〉
例　The driving school's cars had dual controls; one set for the learner and one for the teacher. 驾校的汽车有两套控制系统，一套为学员而设，一套为教练而设。

duality
duality［dju:'æləti］
n. 两重性
解　dual condition or quality
例　His duality was expressed in two identities, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. 他的双重人格表现在两种身份上：杰基尔博士和海德先生。

dubious
dubious［'dju:bɪəs; (US)'du:bɪəs］
adj. 可疑的；怀疑的，不确定的〈同 questionable, uncertain〉
例　The senator was dubious about his chances of reelection because of the scandal. 由于丑闻，参议员对他改选获胜的机会持怀疑态度。
例　Duplicate the picture so that we may both have a copy of it. 把照片复制下来，这样我们俩都会留一份。
例　A human being has duplicate lungs but only one heart. 人有两片肺，但是只有一个心脏。

duct
duct［dʌkt］
n. 管道
解　tube, pipe, or channel for carrying liquid, air, etc.
例　The duct around the electrical wire will help prevent people from being electrocuted. 电线周围的胶管可以防止人触电致死。
近　duck n. 鸭子

ductile
ductile［'dʌktaɪl; (US)'dʌktəl］
adj. 易延展的；柔软的〈同　flexible; pliant〉
例　Gold and copper are ductile metals. 黄金和铜都是延展性金属。

due
due　［djuː; (US)duː］
adj. 预期的，到期的〈同 payable〉
例 This bill was due two weeks ago, but I forgot to pay it. 这个账单两周之前就到期了，但我忘记支付了。
联 overdue adj. 迟到的，过期的

duet
duet［dju:'et; (US)du:'et］
n. 二重奏；二重唱
解　a musical composition for two performers
例　The two singers sang a duet together. 两位歌手一起演唱了二重唱。
近　duel n. 决斗；dulcet adj. 美妙的，悦耳的；lancet n. 柳叶刀，采血针

dull
dull　［dʌl］
adj. 钝的；（感觉或理解）迟钝的〈同 blunt〉
例 The butcher sharpened the dull knife. 屠夫把那把钝刀磨得锋利了。

dumb
dumb　［dʌm］
adj. 哑的〈同 mute〉
例 She's been deaf and dumb since birth. 她是天生的聋哑人。
联 dumbbell-like adj. 哑铃形状的

dump
dump　［dʌmp］
vt. 倾卸，倾倒
例 Who dumped all these books on my desk? 是谁把这些书扔到我桌子上的？

durable
durable　［ˈdjʊərəbl］
adj. 持久的；耐用的〈同 lasting〉
例 Our friendship has proven to be durable because it is based on mutual respect and honesty. 事实证明，我们的友谊是持久的，因为它建立在相互尊重和诚实的基础之上。
联 duration n. 持续时间

durable
durable［'djʊərəbəl］
adj. 耐久的，耐用的
解　able to withstand wear, decay, etc.
例　Work clothes are made of durable fabric. 工作服由耐用的布料制成。
同　durability n. 耐久性
构　dur (=to last) + able

duration
duration［djʊə'reɪʃən; (US)dʊ'reɪʃn］
n. 持续的时间〈同 length, period〉
例　The duration of the examination is three hours. 考试时间是三个小时。

duration
duration［djʊə'reɪʃən］
n. 持续时间
解　length of time; time during which anything continues
例　The storm was sudden and of short duration. 这场风暴来得突然，持续的时间也很短。

dwarf
dwarf［dwɔ:f］
n. 侏儒
例　A dwarf is a person, animal, or plant that is much smaller than the usual size. 侏儒是指比正常尺寸小的人、动物或植物。
vt. 使…显得矮小
例　Their little cottage was dwarfed by a big building in the neighborhood. 他们的小平房跟旁边的大楼一比，显得特别矮小。

dwell
dwell［dwel］
vi. 居住，生活于〈同 reside〉
例　Janet dwells in Harbin. 珍妮特住在哈尔滨。

dynamic
dynamic　［daɪˈnæmɪk］
adj. 动力的；动态的〈同 changing〉
例 The markets are dynamic and a company must learn to adapt itself to this fact. 市场是动态的，公司必须学会适应。
记 dynam（力量）+ic→动力的
联 dynamics n. 动力学；aerodynamics n. 空气动力学；thermodynamics n. 热力学

dynasty
dynasty［'dɪnəsti; (US)'daɪnəsti］
n. 朝代，王朝〈同　regime; sovereignty〉
例　The same family dynasty had ruled the land for more than 120 years. 同一个家族王朝统治这块土地超过120年。

dysfunctional
dysfunctional［dɪs'fʌnkʃənəl］
adj. 功能紊乱的；（人际关系）不良的，不和睦的
解　maladjusted; not following the normal patterns of social behaviour
例　Both parents were alcoholics and were considered dysfunctional. 这对父母都是酗酒者，关系不和睦。

dyslexia
dyslexia［dɪs'leksɪə］
n. 阅读障碍
解　impaired ability to read
例　The child suffered from dyslexia and needed a special tutor to learn how to read. 这个小孩患有阅读障碍，需要一个特殊的家庭教师来教他怎样阅读。

earnest
earnest　［ˈɜːnɪst］
adj. 认真的；热心的〈同 serious〉
例 The earnest student studied constantly. 那个认真的学生不断地学习。

earnings
earnings［'ɜ:nɪŋz］
n. 所得，收入〈同 income〉
例　My earnings for the job weren't as high as I expected. 这份工作的收入没有我期望的高。

earplug
earplug［'ɪəplʌɡ］
n. 耳塞
解　an object made of a soft, pliable material, such as cotton or rubber, and fitted into the ear canal to block the entry of water or sound
例　Don' t forget to put in your earplugs when you go swimming. 游泳的时候别忘了戴上耳塞。

earring
earring［'ɪərɪŋ］
n. 耳环，耳饰
解　jewelry to ornament the ear, usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened through a hole in the lobe
例　On the day she got her ears pierced, her mother bought her a pair of diamond earrings. 在她打耳洞的那天，她母亲给她买了一对钻石耳环。

earshot
earshot［'ɪəʃɒt］
n. 听力范围
解　distance at which a sound can be heard; range of hearing
例　We shouted, but he was already out of earshot and could not hear us. 我们大声地叫喊，可是他离得太远，已经听不到了。

earsplitting
earsplitting［'ɪəspli:tɪŋ］
adj. 震耳欲聋的
解　loud and shrill enough to hurt the ears
例　The music that the rock band played was not only horrible; it was also earsplitting. 这个摇滚乐队演奏的音乐不仅糟糕透顶，简直到了震耳欲聋的地步。

ease
ease［i:z］
n. 安逸；悠闲〈同 easiness, leisure〉
例　The reporter writes with great ease, because he is good at writing and did a lot of research on this topic. 因为这位记者十分擅长写作，并且对这个选题做了很多研究，所以他写起来很轻松。

eavesdropper
eavesdropper［'i:vzˌdrɒpə(r)］
n. 偷听者
解　a secret listener to private conversations
例　The eavesdropper was an undercover police detective trying to overhear a conversation to get clues to a crime. 偷听者是一位卧底警探，他试着从对话中听出犯罪案件的线索。

eccentric
eccentric［ɪk'sentrɪk］
adj./n. 古怪的（人），异常的（人）〈同 strange, odd〉
例　If you go to the palace in tennis shoes, they'll think you're rather eccentric. 如果你穿着网球鞋去王宫，他们会觉得你十分古怪。

eccentric
eccentric［ɪk'sentrɪk］
n. 古怪的人 adj. 古怪的，反常的
解　n. a person with an unusual or odd personality adj. conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
例　The new science fiction park attracted many eccentrics who liked to wear alien costumes. 这个新的科幻公园吸引了许多喜欢穿着奇装异服的古怪的人。
同　eccentricity n. 古怪，怪癖；反常
构　ec (=out) + centr (=center) + ic

echo
echo　［ˈekəʊ］
v. 发出回声；反射
例 The hills echoed his shout. 大山传来他叫喊的回声。
n. 回声，回音
例 An echo bounced off the bluff . 从悬崖上传回一阵回音。

eclectic
eclectic［ɪ'klektɪk］
adj. 折中的，综合性的
解　selecting what seems best of various styles or ideas
例　His style of interior decoration was eclectic: bits and pieces of furnishings from widely divergent periods, strikingly juxtaposed to create a unique decor. 他的室内装修风格不拘一格，属于多个不同时期的各式家具醒目地摆放在一起，形成了一种独特的风格。
同　eclecticism n. 折中主义
构　ec < ex (=out) + lect (=to choose) + ic

eclecticism
eclecticism［ɪ'klektɪsɪzəm］
n. 折中主义
例　Eclecticism is the practice of mixing elements dissimilar in style in a single work of art. 折中主义是将风格迥异的元素混合在一件艺术作品中的做法。

eclipse
eclipse［ɪ'klɪps］
n. 日食，月食
例　There will be a lunar eclipse tonight. 今晚会有月食。
vt. 盖过，使失色；遮蔽〈同 shadow〉
例　She is completely eclipsed by her sister, who is cleverer, prettier and more amusing. 她在她妹妹面前黯然失色。她的妹妹比她更聪明、更漂亮、更迷人。

ecology
ecology［ɪ'kɒləʤi］
n. 生态（学）；生态平衡
例　The oil spill caused terrible damage to the fragile ecology of the coastline. 石油泄漏给脆弱的沿海生态环境造成了严重的破坏。

economical
economical　［ˌiːkəˈnɒmɪkəl］
adj. 经济的；节俭的〈同 thrifty, saving〉
例 Comparing prices is an economical way to shop for groceries. 购买食品杂货时，比较价格是一种省钱的方式。
记 economic（节约的）+al→节俭的
联 economics n. 经济学

economize
economize［ɪ'kɒnəmaɪz］
vi. 节约，节省〈同　save, be thrifty〉
例　We must economize on scarce resources. 我们必须节省稀缺资源。

edge
edge［eʤ］
n. 边缘〈同 brink〉
例　John is at the edge of death. 约翰处于死亡的边缘。

edible
edible［'edəbəl］
adj. 可食用的〈同 eatable〉
例　Laurels are valued for their aromatic oils and spices, edible fruits and timber. 月桂树的价值在于能提供芳香油、香料、可食用的果实以及木料。

edifice
edifice［'edɪfɪs］
n. 宏伟的建筑物〈同　skyscraper〉
例　The huge edifice is a tribute to modern architecture. 这座宏伟的建筑是对现代建筑的致敬。

edit
edit　［ˈedɪt］
vt. 编辑，校订
例 You must edit this video before it goes on television. 这段视频在电视上播放之前，你必须对其进行编辑。
联 edition n. 版本，版；editor n. 编辑，编者；editorial n. 社论

educate
educate［'edju(:)keɪt］
v. 教育
解　to develop in knowledge or skill by teaching, training, or study; to teach
例　The parents educated their children in proper etiquette. 这对父母教孩子形成了良好的礼节。
同　educated adj. 受过教育的；education n. 教育；educator n. 教师

educated
educated［'edju:keɪtɪd］
adj. 受过教育的，有教养的〈同　informed, learned〉
例　Educated men never stop learning. 受过教育的人永远不会停止学习。

efface
efface［ɪ'feɪs］
v. 擦掉，抹去
解　to obliterate by rubbing out
例　Even one hundred years would never efface her memory of his abuse. 即使过去一百年，她被他虐待的记忆也无法被抹去。
构　ef < ex (=out) + fac (=face) + e

effective
effective［ɪ'fektɪv］
adj. 有效的；生效的〈同 efficient, productive〉
例　Sharing corporate stocks with employees can be an effective way to promote harmony, efficiency and equitability in the workplace. 让员工入股可以有效地提高职场的和谐、效率和公平的程度。

effervescent
effervescent［ˌefə'vesnt］
adj. ① 冒泡的 ② 兴奋的
解　① giving off bubbles of gas; bubbling ② lively and gay
例　He had forgotten to close the soda bottle yesterday and the soda was no longer effervescent. 他昨天忘记将苏打水的瓶盖拧上，今天苏打水已经没有气泡了。

efficient
efficient　［ɪˈfɪʃənt］
adj. 生效的；能干的，有效率的〈同 effective〉
例 The financial analyst found efficient ways for the company to save money. 财务分析师发现了帮公司省钱的有效途径。
记 ef+fici（效果，效率）+ent→有效率的
联 efficiency n. 效率，功效

effluent
effluent［'eflʊənt］
n. 流出物
例　It would be terrible if effluent from the metal factory reached the river. 如果金属加工厂的废水流入河中，后果会非常糟糕。

effortless
effortless［'efətləs］
adj. 不费力的
解　requiring or showing little or no effort; easy
例　The cat pounced on the mouse with an effortless leap. 猫轻轻一跳，扑过去抓住了老鼠。

effrontery
effrontery［e'frʌntəri］
n. 厚颜无耻；无礼
解　impudence; shameless, boldness
例　She had the effrontery to insult the guest. 她竟敢厚颜无耻地辱骂客人。
构　ef < ex (=out) + front (=forehead) + ery

effusive
effusive［ɪ'fju:sɪv］
adj. ① 过分表达感情的 ② 流出的
解　① showing too much feeling too demonstrative and emotional ② overflowing
例　Every visitor noticed that her effusive welcome was not sincere. 每个来访者都注意到，她过分表现出来的欢迎并不是真诚的。
构　ef < ex (=out) + fus (=to pour) + ive

egocentric
egocentric［ˌi:ɡəʊ'sentrɪk］
adj. 自我中心的，利己主义的
解　limited to or caring only about yourself and your own needs
例　During medieval times, many men held the egocentric belief that the sun revolved around the earth. 在中世纪，许多人信奉以自我为中心的观念，认为太阳围绕地球旋转。
同　egotist n. 自我主义者

egress
egress［'i:ɡres］
n. 出口，出去 v. 外出
解　n. a place or means of going out v. to go out
例　The egress in case of a fire is on either side of the hallway and down the stairs. 发生火灾时的紧急出口位于走廊的两侧和楼梯的下面。
构　e (=out) + gress (=to walk)

eject
eject［ɪ'ʤekt］
vt. ① 逐出，驱逐〈同 expel〉
例　The hooligans were ejected from the restaurant. 小流氓被赶出了餐厅。
例　Ants eject formic acid when another insect tries to attack them. 当被其他昆虫攻击的时候，蚂蚁就会释放出蚁酸。

elaborate
elaborate
例 The judge wrote an elaborate proposal for a new law. 法官撰写了一个详细的新法律提案。
例 I understand the basic idea, but could you elaborate on that？我理解基本意思，但你能详细说明一下吗？
记 e（出）+labor（劳动）+ate→（努力）劳动做出来的→精细的
联 elaborately adv. 精心地，精细地；elaboration n. 精心计划，精巧

elaborate
elaborate［ɪ'læbərət］adj. 复杂的，精致的［ɪ'læbəreɪt］v. 详尽地说明，阐明；精工细做
解　adj. developed or executed with care and in minute v. to talk or write in great detail; work out with great care
例　The president's spokesperson was asked to elaborate on his answer after he had given a short answer to a controversial question. 在针对一个有争议的问题作出简单的回答之后，总统的发言人被要求作出详细说明。

elapse
elapse［ɪ'læps］
vi.（时间）过去，消逝〈同 slip away, pass〉
例　Many hours elapsed while I slept. 我睡了好多个小时。

elastic
elastic　［ɪˈlæstɪk］
adj. 有弹性的〈同 pliant〉
例 Rubber can be made so elastic that it will stretch more than nine times its normal length. 塑料可以做得非常有弹性，甚至可以拉伸到正常长度的九倍以上。
记 e+last（延长）+ic→可延长出去的→有弹性的
联 elasticity n. 弹力，弹性；inelastic adj. 无弹性的

elderly
elderly［'eldəli］
adj. 过了中年的；近老年的；稍老的〈同 old〉
例　The elderly woman lives with her grandson. 老妇人和她的孙子一起生活。

election
election［ɪ'lek∫ən］
n. 选择；当选；选举〈同　voting, balloting〉
例　How many people voted in the last election? 在上一次选举中，有多少人参加了投票？

election
election［ɪ'lekʃən］
n. 选举
解　a choosing or selecting for an office by vote
例　In our city we have an election for mayor every four years. 我们的城市每隔四年选举一次市长。

elective
elective［ɪ'lektɪv］
adj. 随意选择的
解　open to choice; not required
例　The university curriculum mandates a number of requisite courses, but allows students to pick a few elective courses. 大学的课程指定了许多必修课，但是也允许学生选择几门选修课。

elegant
elegant　［ˈelɪɡənt］
adj. 雅致的；优雅的〈同 refined〉
例 Janet is an elegant woman. 珍妮特是一位优雅的女士。
记 e+leg（=lect 选）+ant→选出的→好的→雅致的
联 elegance n. 优雅，高雅

elementary
elementary　［ˌelɪˈmentri］
adj. 基本的，初级的〈同 basic〉
例 I took a course in elementary chemistry. 我上了一门基础化学课程。

elevate
elevate［'elɪveɪt］
vt. 举起；抬高；使上升〈同 raise〉
例　The marchers elevated the flag as they passed the president. 从总统身边走过的时候，游行者举起了旗帜。

elevate
elevate［'elɪveɪt］
v. 提高，抬升
解　to raise from a lower to a higher position
例　Bruce sprained his ankle, so he had to elevate his leg and put ice on it. 布鲁斯扭伤了脚踝，因此他不得不将腿抬起来，并且在脚踝处敷上冰块。

elevation
elevation［elɪ'veɪʃən］
n. 海拔
解　height above sea level
例　The high elevation of the mountain made it difficult to breathe. 山的海拔很高，让人觉得呼吸困难。

elevator
elevator［'elɪveɪtə(r)］
n. 电梯
解　a moving platform or cage to carry people and things up and down in a building, mine, etc.
例　Some people have the inefficient habit of trying to get into an elevator before the people inside leave. 有些人在乘坐电梯时有种不良的习惯，总是在里面的人还没出来时就抢着要进去。

elicit
elicit［ɪ'lɪsɪt］
vt. 得出；引出〈同 draw forth〉
例　The comedian's joke elicited laughter from the audience. 喜剧演员的笑话逗得观众哈哈大笑。

eligible
eligible［'elɪʤəbəl］
adj. 合格的，有资格的〈同 qualified〉
例　Only native-born citizens are eligible for the office of President. 只有本国公民才有资格当总统。

eliminate
eliminate　［ɪˈlɪmɪneɪt］
vt. 排除，剔除〈同 eradicate，remove〉
例 The teacher eliminated mistakes from the student's essay. 老师挑出了学生论文中的错误。
记 e+limin（门槛）+ate→扔出门槛→剔除
联 elimination n. 排除，除去；eliminable adj. 可消除的

elite
elite［eɪ'li:t］
n. 精英，中坚分子
例　Only the elites attended the reception for the visiting queen. 只有社会精英们参加了女王访问招待会。

elixir
elixir［ɪ'lɪksə(r)］
n. 长生不老药，仙丹妙药〈同　cure-all〉
例　The elixir which can cure all diseases does not exist. 能治愈所有疾病的万能药是不存在的。

elliptical
elliptical［ɪ'lɪptɪkəl］
adj. ①椭圆的〈同　egg-shaped〉
例　The Earth's orbit is elliptical. 地球的轨道是椭圆形的。
例　An elliptical remark baffles because it is not perfectly clear. 晦涩的言辞让人困惑，因为它不够清楚。

elongate
elongate［'i:lɒŋgeɪt; (US)ɪ'lɒŋ-］
vt. 延长，伸长〈同　lengthen, extend〉
例　The dog pulled on the sweater and elongated the sleeve. 那条狗拽着毛衣，把袖子都拉长了。

eloquent
eloquent［'eləkwənt］
adj. 善于表达的，有口才的，雄辩的〈同 persuasive〉
例　Janet is an eloquent speaker and good at business negotiation. 珍妮特口才很好，擅长商业谈判。

eloquent
eloquent［'eləkwənt］
n. ① 雄辩的，有口才的 ② 动人的
解　① having the ability to express emotion or feeling in lofty and impassioned speech ② very expressive
例　The graduation speaker was very eloquent in his speech. 这位演讲者在毕业典礼上的演说十分精彩。
同　eloquence n. 雄辩；口才

elsewhere
elsewhere　［ˌelsˈwɛə(r)］
adv. 在别处〈同 in another place〉
例 My house keys are not where I thought I left them last night. I will have to search elsewhere to find them. 我家的钥匙不在我印象中昨晚上放的地方。我得去别处找找。

elucidate
elucidate［ɪ'lu:sɪdeɪt］
v. 阐明，说明
解　to make clear; to explain
例　Since there were many questions in class, the professor elucidated on the topic. 由于同学们对这一话题有很多问题，教授对它进行了阐明。
构　e < ex (=out) + lucid (=bright) + ate

elude
elude［ɪ'lu:d］
v. （机敏地）躲避，避开；记不起来
解　to escape, either physically or mentally
例　The student knew the response to the question but it somehow eluded his tongue at the most critical moment. 这名学生知道这个问题的答案，但是不知何故在关键时候却怎么也想不起来。
构　e < ex (=out) + lud (=to play) + e

elusive
elusive［ɪ'lu:sɪv］
adj. 难懂的，难捉摸的〈同　baffling〉
例　Although he possesses great wealth, he finds happiness quite elusive. 虽然他拥有大量财富，但他却发现幸福非常令人难以捉摸。

elusive
elusive［ɪ'lu:sɪv］
adj. 难懂的，难捉摸的
解　difficult to detect or grasp by the mind
例　The elusive fox got away. 狡猾的狐狸逃走了。
构　e < ex ( =out) + lus (=to play) + ive

emancipate
emancipate［ɪ'mænsɪpeɪt］
vt. 解放，释放〈同　liberate, free〉
例　Abraham Lincoln emancipated four million African slaves. 亚伯拉罕·林肯使四百万非洲奴隶重获自由。

emancipate
emancipate［ɪ'mænsɪpeɪt］
vt. 释放，解除
解　to set free from slavery or restraint; to release
例　American slaves were emancipated during the Civil War. 美国奴隶在内战期间得到解放。
构　e < ex (=out) + man < manu (=hand) + cip < cap (=to take) + ate

embark
embark［ɪm'bɑ:k］
v. ①（使）上船（或飞机）〈同 board〉
例　The ship will leave soon and all passengers must embark in ten minutes. 船马上就要起航了，所有乘客务必在十分钟内登船。
例　After leaving college, Janet embarked upon a business career. 离开大学之后，珍妮特开始了商业生涯。

embarrass
embarrass　［ɪmˈbærəs］
vt. 使尴尬，使困窘〈同 humiliate〉
例 I was embarrassed by his comments about my poor clothes. 他说我的衣服非常破旧，这话让我非常尴尬。
联 embarrassment n. 困窘；阻碍

embassy
embassy［'embəsi］
n. 大使馆〈同 consulate〉
例　While traveling abroad we had to go to the Chinese embassy to resolve the emergency. 在境外旅行遇到紧急情况时，我们不得不去中国大使馆寻求帮助。

embed
embed［ɪm'bed］
vt. 插入；镶嵌〈同 encase〉
例　Small stones were embedded in the ice. 小石子嵌入了冰块里。

embellish
embellish［ɪm'belɪ∫］
vt. 装饰，修饰〈同　adorn, beautify〉
例　Anne embellished the shirt collar with lace. 安妮用蕾丝装饰衬衫的领子。

emblem
emblem［'embləm］
n. 象征，标志；徽章〈同　symbol, sign〉
例　Mace is the emblem of the authority of the king. 权杖是国王权威的象征。

embody
embody［ɪm'bɒdi］
vt. 使具体化；包含，收录〈同 express, include〉
例　My grandmother embodies all the qualities of her generation. 我的祖母体现了她这一代人所具有的所有素质。

emboss
emboss［ɪm'bɒs; (US)ɪm'bɔ:s］
vt. 加浮雕花纹于；使凸出
例　The printer embossed my company's name on my business cards. 印刷公司为我的名片上的公司名称做了浮雕工艺。

embrace
embrace　［ɪmˈbreɪs］
vt. ① 包含 〈同 include〉
例 This course embraces several different aspects of psychology. 这门课包含了心理学的几个不同方面。
例 You'd be a fool not to embrace an opportunity as good as that. 如果你不抓住这么好的机会，那你就是个傻瓜。
记 em（=in 进）+brace（胳膊）→搂进胳膊里→拥抱

embroider
embroider［ɪm'brɔɪdə(r)］
vt. 刺绣，镶边；装饰〈同　decorate, adorn〉
例　Susan embroidered the edges of her pillowcases. 苏珊在枕套的边上刺绣。

embryo
embryo［'embrɪəʊ］
n. 胚胎；事物的萌芽期〈同　completely undeveloped form, fetus〉
例　The plan of reform is still in embryo. 改革的方案仍在筹划当中。

emerge
emerge　［ɪˈmɜːʤ］
vi. 出现，浮现
例 What emerged from the sea was a huge whale. 大海中浮出来的是一头巨大的鲸。
记 e（出）+merge（吞没）→被吞没的东西又露出来了→出现，浮现
联 emergence n. 出现，形成

emerge
emerge［ɪ'mɜ:ʤ］
v. 出现，露出
解　to come into view; to come out; to come up
例　The rabbit emerged from its hole in the morning to forage for breakfast. 早上兔子从洞里钻出来寻找食物。

emergency
emergency　［ɪˈmɜːʤənsi］
n. 紧急情况，突然事件
例 The earthquake created an emergency. 地震引发了紧急情况。

emergency
emergency［ɪ'mɜ:ʤənsi］
n. 紧急情况，突然事件
解　a sudden need for immediate action
例　I keep a box of tools in my car for use in an emergency. 我在车里放了一个工具箱，以备紧急状况下使用。

emigrate
emigrate［'emɪgreɪt］
vi. 移居他国
例　Her family emigrated to America in the 1850s. 在19世纪50年代，她们家移居到了美国。

eminent
eminent［'emɪnənt］
adj. 著名的，显著的〈同　distinguished, notable〉
例　After his appointment to this eminent position, he seldom had time for his former friends. 自从他被任命登上这个显赫的职位以后，他便很少有时间陪以前的朋友们了。

eminent
eminent［'emɪnənt］
adj. 著名的，杰出的，显著的
解　distinguished; outstanding; remarkable
例　The most eminent environmentalists from around the world met to discuss how to deal with the rising levels of global pollution. 来自世界各地的最为杰出的环保主义者聚集在一起，探讨如何应对日益严重的全球污染问题。
同　eminence n. 卓越，杰出
构　e < ex (=out) + min (=to project, to hang) + ent

emission
emission［ɪ'mɪʃən］
n. 散发；发射〈同 radiation, discharge〉
例　An emission of smoke showed that there was a fire in the house. 有烟冒出来说明房子起火了。

emit
emit　［ɪˈmɪt］
vt. 发出，放射〈同 give off〉
例 Exhaust pipes emit fumes. 排气管排放废气。
记 e+mit（送）→送出→发出，放射
联 emissive adj. 发射的

emotion
emotion　［ɪˈməʊʃən］
n. 情绪，强烈的情感〈同 feeling〉
例 Janet's poems usually have a lot of emotion. 珍妮特的诗通常包含强烈的情感。
联 emotional adj. 情绪的，情感的

empathy
empathy［'empəθi］
n. 心意相通，（感情等）融为一体
解　understanding and entering into another's feelings
例　Robert Kennedy became very popular because of his charisma and empathy with the American public. 因为其个人魅力以及对群众心声的了解，罗伯特·肯尼迪在美国人民的心目中非常受欢迎。
同　empathetic adj. 感情移入的
构　em < en (=in) + path (=to feel, to suffer) + y

emphasis
emphasis［'emfəsɪs］
n. 强调
解　special force; stress
例　That school puts emphasis on arithmetic and reading. 学校重视算术和阅读。

emphasize
emphasize　［ˈemfəsaɪz］
vt. 强调，着重〈同 stress〉
例 I tried to emphasize the importance of good grades to Tom. 我试着向汤姆强调好成绩的重要性。
联 emphasis n. 强调，重点；emphatic adj. 用力的，显著的

emphasize
emphasize［'emfəsaɪz］
v. 强调
解　to stress, single out as important
例　The dentist emphasized to the children the importance of brushing their teeth at least twice a day. 牙医向孩子们强调每天至少刷两次牙的重要性。

emphatically
emphatically［ɪm'fætɪkəli］
adv. 着重地，强调地
解　in an emphatic manner; to an emphatic degree
例　He emphatically apologized for pronouncing her last name incorrectly in public. 他因为在公众场合把她的姓念错了而特意道了歉。

empirical
empirical［em'pɪrɪkəl］
adj. 以实际经验为依据的〈同 experimental〉
例　This theory needed to be backed up with solid empirical evidence. 这个理论需要可靠的实验来证明。

employ
employ　［ɪmˈplɔɪ］
vt. ① 雇用〈同 hire〉
例 Do you have the authority to employ these people? 你有聘用这些人的权力吗？
例 Susan employed all the resources available to her. 苏珊利用了可以获得的所有资源。
联 employee n. 雇员；employer n. 雇主，老板；employment n. 雇用；使用

empty
empty［'empti］
adj. 空的〈同　vacant〉
例　The room is empty. All the furniture has been removed. 房间是空的。所有家具都被搬走了。
vt. 使…成为空的，倒空〈同　clean out, clear〉
例　The drinker emptied his glass quickly. 那个酒鬼很快就喝光了杯子里的酒。

enable
enable［ɪ'neɪbəl］
v. 使能够
解　to render capable or able for some task
例　The invention of the telephone enabled people to communicate around the world in seconds. 电话的发明使世界各地的人们在数秒之内就能交流。
同　ability n. 能力；disability n. 残废；无能

enact
enact［ɪ'nækt］
vt. 发布；制定（法律等）〈同　make (a law) official〉
例　The government has enacted several new laws. 政府制定了几项新法律。

enact
enact［ɪ'nækt］
v. ① 制定 （法律）② 扮演（角色）
解　① to make into law ② to play
例　Congress enacted a bill to restrict the sale of guns. 国会制定了一条限制枪支销售的法令。
同　enactment n. （法律、法规的）制定，颁布；扮演

enamor
enamor［ɪ'næmə(r)］
vt. 使倾心，使迷恋
解　to inspire with ardent love
例　The princess was enamored with the boy because of his passionate love letters. 公主因为男孩给她写的一些热情洋溢的情书而深深地爱上了他。
近　enamel n. 搪瓷；珐琅

encase
encase［ɪn'keɪs］
vt. 装入；包住，围〈同　enclose〉
例　Medieval fighters were encased in armor from head to foot. 中世纪的士兵们从头到脚都被盔甲包裹起来。

enclose
enclose　［ɪnˈkləʊz］
vt. ① 装入，放入封套〈同 include〉
例 Please enclose a check with your order. 请随订单附上一张支票。
例 The park that encloses the monument has recently been enlarged. 围绕纪念碑而建的公园最近扩建了。

encompass
encompass［ɪn'kʌmpəs］
vt. ①环绕，围住〈同　surround, circle〉
例　The atmosphere encompasses the Earth. 大气层包围着地球。
例　This book encompasses all the important events of the city. 这本书中包括这座城市的所有重要事件。

encompass
encompass［ɪn'kʌmpəs］
v. ① 包围，环绕 ② 包含或包括某事物
解　① go or reach all the way around; encircle ② include; contain
例　Our history book encompasses all the important events in the American history. 我们的历史书中包含了美国历史上的所有重要事件。

encounter
encounter　［ɪnˈkaʊntə(r)］
vt. 遭遇，遇到〈同 face〉
例 While skipping school, the naughty boy encountered his principal at the mall. 那个淘气的男孩在逃学去购物中心时遇到了校长。
记 en（=in 进）+counter（对着）→对着撞进→遇到

encounter
encounter［ɪn'kaʊntə(r)］
v. 遭遇
解　to meet unexpectedly
例　The king's soldiers encountered heavy resistance from the Cyclops. 国王的士兵遭遇了库克罗普斯顽强的抵抗。
构　en (=to make ) + counter (=against)

encourage
encourage［ɪn'kʌrɪʤ］
vt. 鼓励，支持〈同 stimulate〉
例　The coach encourages Jimmy to practice more often. 教练鼓励吉米再多加练习。

encroach
encroach［ɪn'krəʊtʃ］
vi. 侵占，蚕食〈同　intrude, invade〉
例　One should not encroach on somebody's property. 任何人均不得侵占他人的财产。

encyclopedia
encyclopedia［enˌsaɪkləʊ'pi:dɪə］
n. 百科全书
解　a reference work containing articles on various topics
例　The students used the encyclopedia to learn about different world topics. 学生使用百科全书来学习关于世界的不同主题。

endanger
endanger［ɪn'deɪnʤə(r)］
vt. 危及；危害〈同 threaten, jeopardize〉
例　Drinking endangers one's liver. 饮酒对肝脏有害。

endeavor
endeavor［ɪn'devə(r)］
n./vi. 尝试，努力〈同 effort, try〉
例　No matter how much he endeavors to move it, the stone remains in its place. 无论他怎么努力去搬，这块石头就是纹丝不动。

endemic
endemic［en'demɪk］
adj. 地方性的，某地特有的
解　native to or confined to a certain region
例　People planning to visit that country are advised to have vaccinations for any endemic diseases. 打算去那个国家的人们被告诫要接种疫苗，以防感染当地的疾病。
构　en (=in) + dem (=people) + ic

endless
endless［'endləs］
adj. 无止境的〈同　everlasting, eternal〉
例　The long and boring drive seemed endless. 漫长无聊的车程似乎永无止境。

endow
endow［ɪn'daʊ］
vt. ① 捐赠〈同 grant〉
例　Graduates endowed their colleges with funds to support their operation. 毕业生们给母校捐款，支持学校运营。
例　Nature not only gave the Middle Atlantic region fine harbors, but also endowed it with a first-class system of inland waterways. 大自然不仅给予大西洋中部地区优良的海港，也赋予其一流的内陆水运系统。

endurance
endurance［ɪn'djʊərəns］
n. 忍耐（力），持久（力）〈同 perseverance, stamina〉
例　Triathlon athletes must have incredible endurance. 铁人三项运动员必须具有惊人的耐力。

endure
endure　［ɪnˈdjʊə(r）; (US)ɪnˈdʊər］
vt. ① 承受，忍受〈同 tolerate〉
例 Dr. Hardy was confident that he could endure the hardships of space travel. 哈迪博士自信自己能够承受艰苦的太空之旅。
例 This old car won't endure forever. 这辆旧汽车不可能一直开下去。
联 enduring adj. 持久的，不朽的；endurance n. 忍耐（力），持久（力）

enduring
enduring［ɪn'djuərɪŋ］
adj. 持久的
解　unceasing
例　She held an enduring love for the soldier and waited years and years for his return. 她深爱着这个士兵，多年来一直在等他回来。
同　endure v. 持久；忍受；endurance n. 忍耐；忍受力，耐久力

energetic
energetic［ˌenə'ʤetɪk］
adj. 精力充沛的；积极的〈同 active〉
例　The energetic athlete runs 5 miles every day. 那位精力充沛的运动员每天跑5英里。

enforce
enforce［ɪn'fɔ:s］
vt. ① 强制服从或遵守；实施，执行〈同 execute〉
例　The police enforce the law. 警察执行法律。
例　The speed limit is strongly enforced in this state. 这个国家严格执行限速规定。

enforce
enforce［ɪn'fɔ:s］
vt. 强迫；执行，实施
解　to force obedience to; to cause to be carried out; force
例　The police enforced the law on the rioters. 警察对暴徒强制执行法律。

enfranchise
enfranchise［ɪn'fræntʃaɪz; en-］
v. ① 给予选举权 ② 释放（奴隶）
解　① to grant voting rights ② to grant freedom to, as from slavery or servitude
例　Ratified in August of 1920, the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution enfranchised women, and they began to vote in local and national elections. 美国宪法第十九条修正案于1920年8月批准生效，它赋予了妇女选举权，之后妇女们开始在当地和国家选举中进行投票。

engage
engage　［ɪnˈgeɪʤ］
v. 从事；参加（in）〈同 participate in〉
例 She didn't want to engage in a conflict with her manager. 她不想参与到和经理的冲突中。
联 engagement n. 约会；婚约

engaging
engaging［ɪn'geɪʤɪŋ］
adj. 动人的，迷人的〈同　pleasing, attractive〉
例　All the children thought the firework display was engaging. 孩子们都认为焰火表演非常迷人。

engender
engender［ɪn'ʤendə(r)］
v. 产生，引起
解　to cause to exist
例　Janet used fertilizer when watering her garden in order to engender giant tomatoes. 为了让西红柿长得大一点，珍妮特在浇灌菜园时使用了化肥。
构　en (=to make) + gen (=birth, creation) + der

engrave
engrave［ɪn'greɪv］
vt. 雕上，刻上〈同　enchase, carve〉
例　The jeweller skillfully engraved the initials on the ring. 宝石匠熟练地把首字母刻在戒指上。

engulf
engulf［ɪn'ɡʌlf］
v. 卷入，吞噬
解　to swallow up; to overwhelm
例　The wild forest fire engulfed trees and bushes. 森林大火吞噬了树木和灌木丛。

enhance
enhance　［ɪnˈhɑːns; (US)ɪnˈhæns］
vt. 提高，增加〈同 improve〉
例 Small improvements enhance the value of the house. 小小的改进提高了这栋房子的价值。

enhance
enhance［ɪn'hɑ:ns; -hæns］
vt. 提高，增强
解　to make greater; to add to; to heighten
例　The gardens enhanced the beauty of the house. 花园提升了房子的美感。
构　en (=in) + hance (=high)

enlarge
enlarge［ɪn'lɑ:ʤ］
v. 增大，扩大
解　to make larger
例　She used an electron microscope to enlarge the image of the cells. 她用电子显微镜来放大细胞的影像。

enlighten
enlighten［ɪn'laɪtən］
vt. 启发，启蒙〈同 educate〉
例　The book enlightened me on the subject of medicine. 这本书在医药方面启发了我。

ennoble
ennoble［ɪ'nəʊbəl］
v. ① 使高贵 ② 使受尊敬
解　① to raise to a noble rank ② to raise the respect of others for; to dignify
例　The king ennobled the soldier with knighthood. 国王授予这位士兵骑士爵位。

enormity
enormity［ɪ'nɔ:mɪti］
n. ① 极恶，暴行 ② 巨大
解　① (an act of) extreme wickedness ② great size; immensity
例　The enormity of China makes it a country with immeasurable natural resources. 中国国土面积辽阔，因而有着大量的自然资源。

enormous
enormous　［ɪˈnɔːməs］
adj. 极大的，庞大的〈同 tremendous〉
例 An enormous variety of information may be obtained from a large daily newspaper. 从一份大的日报可以获得大量的信息。
记 e（出）+norm（正常）+ous→超出了正常大小的→极大的
联 enormity n. 巨大；穷凶极恶

enrage
enrage［ɪn'reɪʤ］
vt. 激怒〈同　infuriate, anger〉
例　I was enraged at his idiotic remarks. 他愚蠢的话把我激怒了。

enrich
enrich［ɪn'rɪtʃ］
vt. 加料于（食物）；使富足，使肥沃〈同 make rich, improve〉
例　I shall try to enrich my knowledge of the English language during this summer vacation. 我会在这个暑假扩充英语知识量。

enrich
enrich［ɪn'rɪtʃ］
v. 使丰富，充实
解　to make rich or richer
例　His new love enriched his life with joy and happiness. 他的新恋情使他的生活充满了快乐和幸福。

enrol(l)
enrol(l)［ɪn'rəʊl］
vi. 参军；注册〈同 enlist, register〉
例　We must enroll in school on Friday. 我们必须在周五注册学籍。

ensemble
ensemble［ɒŋ'sɒŋbəl］
n. ①全体，整体〈同　aggregate〉
例　The green scenery and the blue dresses of the dancers made a very effective ensemble. 绿色的布景和舞蹈演员们蓝色的服装，形成了一种令人印象深刻的总体效果。
例　The ensemble practiced today for their music performance tomorrow. 为了明天的表演，合唱团今天进行了练习。

ensemble
ensemble［ɒŋ'sɒŋbəl］
n. ① 大合唱 ② 合奏；全体
解　① the chorus of a ballet company ② a group of musicians playing or singing together
例　Two violins, a cello, and a viola made up the string ensemble. 这个弦乐合奏由两把小提琴、一把大提琴和一把中提琴组成。

ensue
ensue［ɪn'sju:; (US)ɪn'su:］
vi. 接着发生，因而产生〈同 follow〉
例　Soldiers began firing at each other and a gun battle ensued. 士兵们开始互相射击，继而发生了一场枪战。

ensure
ensure［ɪn'ʃʊə(r)］
vt. 保证，担保〈同 insure〉
例　Your term paper is good enough to ensure a passing grade. 你的学期报告很优秀，一定能及格。

entail
entail［ɪn'teɪl］
vt. 使成为必要，使承担；使…发生〈同 involve〉
例　Owning an automobile entailed greater expense than we had expected. 拥有一辆汽车必须承担超过我们预期的开支。

entanglement
entanglement［ɪn'tæŋgəlmənt］
n. ①纠缠；缠绕物〈同　snare〉
例　The new nation avoided an entanglement with foreign countries. 那个新国家避免与其他国家有任何纠缠。
例　The trenches were protected by barbed wire entanglements. 战壕被带刺的铁丝网保护着。
例　Democracy failed in the country for several reasons, including entanglement with wars and underdevelopment. 民主在这个国家并未成功，原因有许多，其中包括受到战争和发展滞后的牵连。

enterprise
enterprise　［ˈentəpraɪz］
n. 事业，企业〈同 company〉
例 The new enterprise will require additional staff and equipment. 这家新企业需要额外的员工和设备。
联 enterpriser n. 企业家；enterprising adj. 有事业心的，有进取心的

enterprising
enterprising［'entəpraɪzɪŋ］
adj. 有进取心的，有事业心的，有魄力的〈同　ambitious, industrious〉
例　Instead of just waiting for things to get better, we must be more enterprising in working towards improvements. 我们不能干等着事情好转，而是必须更有进取心，努力争取进步。

entertainment
entertainment　［ˌentəˈteɪnmənt］
n. 娱乐；招待〈同 amusement〉
例 Who will provide the entertainment for the child's party? 谁来为孩子的派对作好招待工作？

entertainment
entertainment［ˌentə'teɪnmənt］
n. 娱乐；款待〈同 amusement〉
例　The monkeys at the zoo provided the children with a lot of entertainment. 动物园里的猴子给孩子们带来了很多欢乐。

enthusiasm
enthusiasm　［ɪnˈθjuːzɪæzəm; (US)ɪnˈθuːzɪæzəm］
n. 热心，热情〈同 ardor〉
例 Janet's enthusiasm for gardening is evident from all of these beautiful flowers. 看这些美丽的花就知道，珍妮特对园艺的热情是非常明显的。
联 enthusiastic adj. 热心的；满腔热情的；enthusiast n. 热心者，狂热者

entitle
entitle　［ɪnˈtaɪtəl］
v. ① 取名为，叫做〈同 name〉
例 That book is entitled Gone With the Wind. 那本书被命名为《飘》。
例 This paper entitles my lawyer to handle all my legal affairs. 这份文件授权我的律师全权处理我的所有法律事务。
联 entitled adj. 有资格的

entity
entity［'entɪti］
n. 实体
例　England, Scotland and Wales are all parts of Great Britain but each is also a separate entity. 英格兰、苏格兰和威尔士都属于英国，但是它们每一个都是独立体。

entrenched
entrenched［ɪn'trentʃd］
adj. 确立的，不容易改的〈同　established, rooted〉
例　He was so firmly entrenched as the political leader of the district that efforts to displace him proved completely futile. 他作为这个地区政治领袖的地位非常稳固，任何试图取代他的努力都被证明完全是徒劳的。

entrepreneur
entrepreneur［ˌɒntrəprə'nɜ:(r)］
n. 企业家，创业人〈同 businessperson〉
例　The intrepid entrepreneur transformed the town into a thriving shopping area. 那位强悍的企业家把这个城镇变成了繁华的商业中心。

entry
entry　［ˈentri］
n. ① 进入；入口〈同 admission〉
例 There is a back entry into the house. 这栋房子有一个后门。
例 The bookkeeper checked that all the entries in the record books were correct. 经图书管理员检查，记录簿中的所有条目都是正确的。

enunciate
enunciate［ɪ'nʌnsɪeɪt］
v. 清晰地发音；（清楚地）表达
解　to express or state clearly
例　Public speakers must be able to enunciate their words clearly in order for people to understand. 为了让听众理解自己所说的内容，演讲者必须做到吐字清晰。
构　e (=out) + nunci (=to announce) + ate

envelop
envelop［ɪn'veləp］
vt. 把…包住，裹住〈同 enclose, encase〉
例　The mountains were enveloped in sunlight. 群山笼罩在阳光里。

envious
envious［'envɪəs］
adj. 嫉妒的；羡慕的〈同　jealous, covetous〉
例　Mr. Baker is envious of his neighbor's new swimming pool. 贝克先生羡慕邻居的新游泳池。

environment
environment　［ɪnˈvaɪərənmənt］
n. 环境，外界
例 The working environment at this factory is not healthy. 这家工厂的工作环境不健康。

envisage
envisage［ɪn'vɪzɪʤ］
vt. 设想，预见
例　The architect looked at the plans and envisaged the finished house. 建筑师看着设计图，想像房子建成以后的样子。

envision
envision［ɪn'vɪʒən］
vt. 想象，预想〈同　picture, visualize〉
例　Researches envision that commercial farming of lobsters will enable fishers to sell the shellfish year-round. 研究预测，商业化龙虾养殖将使渔民们全年都能销售海鲜。

envy
envy　［ˈenvi］
n./vt. 羡慕；嫉妒
例 Tom tried to ignore his feelings of envy when Bill bought a new car. 当比尔买了新车的时候，汤姆尽量不起嫉妒心。
联 envious adj. 嫉妒的；羡慕的

ephemeral
ephemeral［ɪ'femərəl］
adj. 短暂的，转瞬即逝的〈同　short-lived, transitory〉
例　Fashions are by nature fickle and ephemeral. 时尚从本质上而言是易变的和短暂的。

epicure
epicure［'epɪkjʊə(r)］
n. 美食家（享乐主义者）
解　a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)
例　The epicure lived an exorbitantly expensive life. 这个享乐主义者过着一种过于奢侈的生活。

epidemic
epidemic［ˌepɪ'demɪk］
n. 传染病，流行病〈同 plague〉
例　There are epidemics of influenza nearly every winter. 几乎每个冬天都有流感。

epidemic
epidemic［ˌepɪ'demɪk］
n. 传染病 adj. 传染性的，流行性的
解　n. epidemic disease adj. spreading rapidly among many people in the same place for a time
例　The epidemic disease spread throughout the city and into neighboring towns in a matter of days. 这种传染病在整个城市里传播，没过几天就传播到了邻县。

epilogue
epilogue［'epɪlɒɡ］
n. 尾声；收场白；后记
解　last part of a literary work; short speech at the conclusion of a dramatic work
例　The epilogue of the story shed light on the future fate of the characters. 故事的结尾阐明了各个人物未来的命运。

episode
episode［'epɪsəʊd］
n. 一段情节；【音】插曲
例　He told me about an episode in the war. 他给我讲了战争时期的一个故事。

epistemology
epistemology［eˌpɪstɪ'mɒləʤi］
n. 认识论，知识起源学（对知识本质的研究）
解　the philosophical theory of knowledge
例　Epistemology had a serious impact on the direction of modern philosophy in the 20th century. 在二十世纪，认识论对现代哲学的走向产生了重大影响。

epoch
epoch［'i:pɒk］
n. 新纪元，时代〈同 period of time, era〉
例　The glacial epoch lasted for thousands of years. 冰河期持续了数千年。

equable
equable［'ekwəbəl; 'i:k-］
adj. ① （脾气）温和的 ② 稳定的，不变的
解　 ① free from unpleasant extremes ② steady
例　The good-natured traffic officer had an equable disposition. 这位和蔼的交警性格很温和。

equal
equal　［ˈiːkwəl］
adj. 相等的，同样的〈同 same〉
例 Put an equal amount of sugar into both bowls. 在两个碗里放入等量的糖。
vt. 等于，比得上
例 Two plus three equals five. 二加三等于五。
联 equality n. 同等，平等

equal
equal［'i:kwəl］
adj. 相等的，均等的
解　the same in amount, size, number, value, or rank
例　Ten dimes are equal to one dollar. 十个十美分的硬币等于一美元。

equanimity
equanimity［ˌi:kwə'nɪməti; ˌekwə-］
n. 镇定，沉着
解　evenness of mind or temper
例　Despite the highly stressful time, John's e quanimity reassured his subordinates that he would make a prudent decision no matter what happened. 尽管时间非常紧张，约翰的镇定使下属相信不管发生什么事，他都会作出审慎的决定。
构　equ (=equal, same) + anim (=mind, life, breath) + ity

equate
equate［ɪ'kweɪt］
v. 与…相提并论，视为同等，等同
解　to treat or regard as equal
例　He said nothing, but the expression on his face equated to a refusal. 他虽然一句话都没说，但是脸上的表情相当于拒绝了。
同　equation n. 方程式

equation
equation　［ɪˈkweɪʒən］
n. 相等，平衡；方程式，等式〈同 balance〉
例 In an equation, the “=” symbol means “is equal to”. 在等式中，“=”符号的意思是“等于”。

equilibrium
equilibrium［ˌi:kwɪ'lɪbrɪəm］
n. 平衡，均衡〈同 balance〉
例　The acrobat in the circus maintained equilibrium on a tightrope. 杂技团的演员在拉紧的绳索上保持平衡。

equilibrium
equilibrium［ˌi:kwɪ'lɪbrɪəm］
n. 均衡，平衡
解　a stable situation in which forces cancel one another
例　The acrobat in the circus maintained equilibrium on a tightrope. 马戏团的杂技演员在钢丝上保持着平衡。

equitable
equitable［'ekwɪtəbəl］
adj. 公平的，公正的〈同　just, fair〉
例　The divorce settlement was quite equitable. Sheila got the right half of the house and Tom got the left half. 离婚协议书非常公平。希拉获得了房子的右半边，汤姆则获得了左半边。

equitable
equitable［'ekwɪtəbəl］
adj. 公平的，公正的
解　fair; just
例　It is equitable to pay a person good wages for work well done. 对出色完成工作的人给予丰厚的报酬是公平的。

equity
equity［'ekwɪti］
n. 公正，公平
解　fairness or impartiality; justice
例　The two companies negotiated the details of their cooperation until both parties were satisfied with the equity. 两家公司对合作的细节进行了商讨，最后双方都对结果的公平性表示满意。
同　inequity n. 不公平

equivalent
equivalent　［ɪˈkwɪvələnt］
adj. 相等的，等同的；等值的〈同 comparable〉
例 There are an equivalent number of apples and oranges in the basket. 篮子里有相同数量的苹果和橘子。
记 equi（平等）+val（=value 价值）+ent→价值相等的→等值的
联 equivalence n. 同等，等值

equivalent
equivalent［ɪ'kwɪvələnt］
adj. 相等的，等值的
解　equal in amount or value
例　Nodding your head is equivalent to saying yes. 点头就相当于同意。
同　equivalence n. 相等，等价，等值

eradicate
eradicate［ɪ'rædɪkeɪt］
vt. 根除，杜绝〈同　completely destroy, eliminate〉
例　Many young doctors, inspired by the desire to eradicate heart disease, the nation's number one killer, are entering the field of cardiology. 许多年轻的医生，受到根除全国头号杀手心脏病这一愿望的鼓舞，纷纷选择进入心脏病学领域。

erase
erase　［ɪˈreɪz; (US)ɪˈreɪs］
v. 擦掉，抹去〈同 remove〉
例 I couldn't erase the horrible accident from my mind. 我无法将那次可怕的事故从我的脑海中抹去。
记 e+rase（擦）→擦掉
联 erasure n. 擦掉，消除；erasable adj. 可消除的，可抹去的

erect
erect　［ɪˈrekt］
vt. 使竖立；建立，创立〈同 stand；set up〉
例 Within the past decade, many skyscrapers have been erected in this city. 在过去十年里，许多摩天大楼在这座城市拔地而起。
记 e+rect（正，直）→直立出来→竖立
联 erection n. 设立；直立，竖立

erosion
erosion［ɪ'rəʊʒən］
n. 腐蚀，侵蚀〈同 corrosion〉
例　The disintegration of the stone wall was caused by erosion. 石墙由于腐蚀作用而瓦解。

erratic
erratic［ɪ'rætɪk］
adj. 古怪的，反复无常的〈同　eccentric, unusual〉
例　Mary's behavior becomes erratic when she drinks alcohol. 玛丽在喝酒之后，她的行为就会变得非常古怪。

erroneous
erroneous［ɪ'rəʊnɪəs］
adj. 错误的〈同 wrong〉
例　Janet held the erroneous belief that the more the goods cost the better they must be. 珍妮特错误地认为价格越贵，商品越好。

erupt
erupt［ɪ'rʌpt］
vi. 喷出，爆发〈同 explode〉
例　Steam erupted from the broken pipe. 蒸汽从破损的管道里喷发出来。

escalate
escalate［'eskəleɪt］
vi. 升级，逐步增强〈同　rise〉
例　His financial problems escalated after he became unemployed. 失业之后，他的经济困难进一步加剧了。
vt. 使逐步上升〈同　increase〉
例　An assassination attempt escalated the tension between the two countries. 一次暗杀企图使两国之间的紧张局势进一步升级。

escort
escort［'eskɔ:t］
n. 护卫（队）；护送，陪同（人员）〈同 guard〉
例　The Prime Minister's car has a police escort. 总理的车有警察护卫。

essence
essence［'esns］
n. 本质，要素；精髓，精华〈同 nature, substance〉
例　Being thoughtful of others is the essence of politeness. 为别人考虑是礼貌的本质。

essential
essential　［ɪˈsenʃəl］
adj. 绝对必要的；本质的，根本的〈同 necessary〉
例 Maintaining standards is essential to our good reputation. 坚持标准对于我们的良好信誉非常关键。
记 es（出）+sent（感觉）+ial→感觉出来的→绝对必要的

establish
establish　［ɪˈstæblɪʃ］
vt. ① 建立，设立〈同 found〉
例 The college established a scholarship for poor students. 这所学院为贫困学生设立了奖学金。
例 Janet established herself as an international business leader after years of hard work. 珍妮特经过多年的辛苦工作，终于成为一家跨国公司的领导。

estate
estate　［ɪˈsteɪt］
n. 财产；不动产〈同 property〉
例 Margaret Brent, because of her skill in managing estates, became one of the largest landholders in Maryland. 玛格雷特•布伦特凭借自己的房地产管理能力，成为马里兰州最大的土地所有者之一。
联 real estate 房地产

estimate
estimate　［ˈestɪmeɪt］
vt. 估计〈同 assess〉
例 I estimate that Tom will be promoted to department manager. 我估计汤姆将晋升为部门经理。
联 underestimate vt. 低估，看轻；overestimate vt. 评价过高

eternal
eternal［ɪ'tɜ:nəl］
adj. 永恒的；永远的〈同 forever, everlasting〉
例　Not only do the tides advance and retreat in their eternal rhythms, but the surface of the sea itself is never at rest. 不仅是潮涨潮落有其本身永恒的规律，而且海平面也从来都不是静止的。

ethics
ethics［'eθɪks］
n. 伦理学；道德规范〈同 morals, principles〉
例　Ethics is the branch of philosophy that deals with the values of life in a coherent, systematic and scientific manner. 伦理学是哲学的分支，其对生命价值的探讨具有连贯性、系统性以及科学性。

ethics
ethics［'eθɪks］
n. 伦理学；道德规范
解　the discipline dealing with what is good and bad and with moral duty and obligation
例　The habitual liar had no sense of ethics. 这个习惯说谎的人已经丧失了道德感。
同　ethical adj. 道德的
构　eth (=custom) + ics

ethnic
ethnic［'eθnɪk］
adj. 种族的〈同 racial〉
例　The city's population includes a wide range of different ethnic groups. 城市的人口包括许多不同的种族。

etiquette
etiquette［'etɪket］
n. 礼仪，礼节〈同　manners, decorum〉
例　Good etiquette requires women wearing dresses to cross their legs. 良好的礼节要求女士穿裙子（坐）时，要双腿交叉。

eulogize
eulogize［'ju:ləʤaɪz］
v. 称赞，颂扬
解　to praise formally and eloquently
例　Before presenting the prize, it is customary for the principal to eulogize the recipient. 在颁奖之前，按照惯例，校长要对获奖人进行一番赞扬。
构　eu (=well) + log (=speech) + ize

eulogy
eulogy［'ju:ləʤi］
n. 颂词，颂文
解　a formal expression of praise
例　Senator Robert Kennedy gave a compelling eulogy at the funeral of Martin Luther King. 参议员罗伯特·肯尼迪在马丁·路德·金的葬礼上发表了一篇引人注目的颂词。
构　eu (=well) + logy (=to speak)

euphonious
euphonious［ju:'fəʊnɪəs］
adj. 悦耳的
解　having a pleasant sound
例　The sound of birds chirping in the morning is euphonious for many people. 清晨的鸟叫声让许多人感觉悦耳。
构　eu (=well) + phon (=sound) + ious

euphonious
euphonious［ju:'fəʊnɪəs］
adj. 悦耳的
解　pleasing to the ear; sounding agreeable; harmonious
例　Many people believe that Italian and Spanish are the most euphonious languages. 许多人认为意大利语和西班牙语是最好听的语言。

euphoria
euphoria［ju:'fɔ:rɪə］
n. 欣快症，幸福愉快感
解　a feeling of great (usually exaggerated) elation
例　Hiking to the mountain peak gave him a sense of achievement and euphoria. 徒步登上山顶使他有了一种成就感和愉悦感。
构　eu (=well) + phor (=to carry) + ia

evaluate
evaluate　［ɪˈvæljʊeɪt］
vt. 评价；估价〈同 judge〉
例 The assessor evaluated the plot of land before Anne sold it. 安妮卖地之前，估价员对这块地进行了评估。

evaporate
evaporate　［ɪˈvæpəreɪt］
v.（使）蒸发；消失〈同 vaporize〉
例 His high spirits soon evaporated. 他高昂的情绪很快就消失了。
记 e+vapor（蒸发）+ate→蒸发
联 evaporation n. 蒸发；消失；evaporable adj. 易蒸发的；挥发性的

eventful
eventful［ɪ'ventfʊl］
adj. 多事的，充满大事的；意义重大的〈同　busy; momentous〉
例　The discovery of atomic energy began an eventful period in history. 原子能的发现开启了历史上的一个重要时期。

eventually
eventually［ɪ'ventjʊəli］
adv. 终于〈同 ultimately, finally〉
例　We eventually arrived home after a long and tiring journey. 在经历了漫长而劳累的旅行之后，我们终于到家了。

evergreen
evergreen［'evəgri:n］
adj. 常绿的
例　The pine, cedar and spruce are evergreen trees. 松树、雪松和云杉都是常青树。
n. 常绿树；常绿植物
例　The pine on our lawn is an evergreen. 我们草坪上的松树是常绿植物。

everlasting
everlasting［ˌevə'lɑ:stɪŋ］
adj. 永久的，永恒的；无止境的
例　We wished them everlasting happiness. 我们祝他们永远幸福。

evidence
evidence［'evɪdəns］
vt. 证明；表明，显示〈同 reveal, indicate〉
例　The volcano is still active, as evidenced by the recent eruption. 这座火山仍然活跃，最近的喷发就证明了这一点。
n. 证据〈同 proof〉
例　Is there any scientific evidence that a person's character is reflected in their handwriting? 有科学证据表明，笔迹能反映一个人的性格吗？

eviscerate
eviscerate［ɪ'vɪsəreɪt］
vt. 取出内脏；除去主要部分
例　The cow needed to be eviscerated before the meat could be sold. 必须取出牛的内脏之后，它的肉才能出售。

evoke
evoke［ɪ'vəʊk］
vt. 引起，激起，唤起〈同 bring out, arouse〉
例　This fragrance evokes the memory of a cool summer evening. 这种芳香唤起了我对一个凉爽夏夜的回忆。

evolve
evolve　［ɪˈvɒlv］
v. 进化，发展〈同 develop〉
例 Some people think that humans evolved from monkeys. 有些人认为，人是从猴子进化而来的。
联 evolution n. 发展，演变；evolutionary adj. 发展的，进化的；evolvement n. 发展，进化

exacerbate
exacerbate［ɪk'sæsɜ:beɪt］
v. 加重，恶化
解　to make worse; to aggravate
例　His lies to cover up his previous lies only served to exacerbate his troubles. 他用谎言来弥补之前的谎言，只能加重他的麻烦。
构　ex (=intensive) + acerb (=bitter, harsh) + ate

exacting
exacting［ɪg'zæktɪŋ］
adj. 苛求的，要求严格的〈同　trying, severe〉
例　Defusing a bomb is an exacting task. 拆除炸弹是一项艰巨的任务。

exacting
exacting［ɪɡ'zæktɪŋ］
adj. ① 苛求的，要求严格的 ② 吃力的，需付出极大耐心的
解　① requiring much; hard to please ② requiring effort, care, or attention
例　An exacting teacher will not permit careless work. 严格的教师不会允许学生在作业上马马虎虎。
同　exact v. 苛求 adj. 精确的；exactitude n. 精确
构　ex (=out) + act (=to act) + ing

exaggerate
exaggerate　［ɪɡˈzæʤəreɪt］
v. 夸大，夸张〈同 overstate〉
例 Keep to the facts and don't exaggerate. 严格遵照事实，不要夸大其词。
记 ex（出）+ag（一再）+ger（带）+ate→一再带出不实的话→夸张
联 exaggeration n. 夸张；exaggerative adj. 夸张的

exalted
exalted［ɪg'zɔ:ltɪd］
adj. 崇高的，高贵的〈同　superior, noble〉
例　It is customary to bow when the tribe's exalted chief enters. 当部落尊贵的首领进来时，按照习俗应该鞠躬。

excavate
excavate［'ekskəveɪt］
vt. 挖掘，挖出〈同　unearth, dig out〉
例　The workers used shovels to excavate the dirt from the hole. 工人们用铁铲挖出洞中的泥土。

excavate
excavate［'ekskəveɪt］
v. 挖出，挖掘
解　to remove the inner part or the core of
例　The manager instructed the engineering team to carefully excavate the site. 经理指示工程队在现场小心挖掘。
构　ex (=out of) + cav (=hollow) + ate

exceed
exceed　［ɪkˈsiːd］
vt. 超越，胜过〈同 surpass〉
例 I never exceed the speed limit on the highway. 我在高速公路上开车从来不超速。
联 exceedingly adv. 非常地，极度地

exception
exception［ɪk'sepʃən］
n. 例外
例　Everyone passed the math test, with the exception of Tom. 除了汤姆之外，所有人都通过了数学考试。

exceptional
exceptional［ɪk'sepʃənəl］
adj. 异常的；杰出的〈同 extraordinary, unusual〉
例　The exceptional tennis player won the championship. 这个杰出的网球选手赢得了冠军。

excess
excess
例 Don't bring excess baggage on this trip. 这次旅行不要带太多的行李。
例 The car reached speeds in excess of 90 miles per hour. 那辆车的时速超过了90英里。
联 excessive adj. 过多的，过分的

excessive
excessive［ɪk'sesɪv］
adj. 过度的，过分的，过多的〈同 extreme, too much〉
例　You must curb your excessive spending, or you will become penniless. 你必须控制你的过度消费，否则你会变得身无分文。

excessive
excessive［ɪk'sesɪv］
adj. 过度的，过分的，过多的
解　beyond normal limits
例　The policeman was accused of using excessive force when he punched the innocent man. 这名警察拳击了这位无罪的男子，被指控为滥用武力。
同　excess n. 过多
构　ex (=beyond) + cess (=to go) + ive

exchange
exchange　［ɪksˈtʃeɪnʤ］
n./vt. 兑换，交换〈同 substitute〉
例 Most Americans exchange gifts at Christmas. 大多数美国人在圣诞节的时候会交换礼物。

excise
excise［ek'saɪz］
v. 切除；删去
解　to remove by erasing or crossing out
例　The doctor excised some scar tissue after the burn was healed. 烧伤痊愈之后，医生切除了一些瘢痕组织。
近　exercise n./v. 练习；运动，锻炼
构　ex (=out) + cis (=to cut) + e

excited
excited［ɪk'saɪtɪd］
adj. 激动的
解　marked by uncontrolled excitement or emotion
例　The office staff was excited about the upcoming new year holidays. 职员对即将到来的新年假期感到兴奋。
同　exciting adj. 令人兴奋的；excitement n. 兴奋，激动

exclaim
exclaim　［ɪkˈskleɪm］
vt. 呼喊；惊叫
例 When interrupted, David exclaimed that he wanted to be left alone. 在被打扰的时候，汤姆大声喊着说自己想要单独待一会儿。
联 exclamation n. 惊呼，感叹

exclaim
exclaim［ɪk'skleɪm］
v. 大喊大叫
解　to utter aloud, often with surprise, horror, or joy
例　The children exclaimed with delight at the sight of the Christmas presents. 看到圣诞礼物，孩子们高兴地欢呼起来。
同　exclamation n. 尖叫

exclude
exclude　［ɪkˈskluːd; ekˈskluːd］
vt. 把…排除在外，排斥（from）〈同 leave...out of〉
例 Excluding grain from your diet will be detrimental to your health. 吃饭时不吃谷物将对你的健康有害。
记 ex（出）+clude（关闭）→关出去→排斥
联 exclusion n. 排除，逐出；exclusive adj. 排他的，单一的

exclusive
exclusive［ɪk'sklu:sɪv］
adj. 单独的，唯一的，排外的〈同 single, sole〉
例　A patent gives inventors exclusive rights to their inventions for a fixed period of time. 专利赋予发明人在特定的时期内对该项发明的独占权。

exclusively
exclusively　［ɪkˈskluːsɪvli］
adv. 完全地，仅仅地〈同 only〉
例 Monopoly refers to the fact that a commercial product or service is exclusively controlled or nearly so. 垄断是指一种产品或服务被独家控制或几乎被独家控制。

excursion
excursion　［ɪkˈskɜːʃən; (US)ɪkˈskɜːrʒən］
n. 远足，游览〈同 trip〉
例 We took an excursion to Alaska on a cruise ship. 我们乘坐游轮去阿拉斯加旅行。
记 ex（出）+curs（跑）+ion→跑出去→远足
联 excurse vi. 远足，短程旅行

excursive
excursive［ɪk'skɜ:sɪv］
adj. 离题的，散漫的
解　 (of e. g. speech and writing) tending to depart from the main point or cover a wide range of subjects
例　Politicians often give excursive answers to sensitive questions that they do not want to answer. 对于不愿回答的敏感问题，政客们总是不作正面回答。

execute
execute　［ˈeksɪkjuːt］
vt. 完成，实施，执行〈同 carry out〉
例 The workers executed the foreman's orders and finished the job quickly. 工人们执行工头的命令，很快就完成了工作。

execution
execution［ˌeksɪ'kju:ʃən］
n. 实施，执行；完成〈同 putting into practice〉
例　The committee is planning carefully for the execution of the project. 委员会仔细地为执行该项计划而进行规划。

executive
executive　［ɪɡˈzekjutɪv］
adj. 行政的〈同 administrative〉
例 In the United States, the President is the executive head of the nation. 在美国，总统是国家的行政首领。
n. 执行者；经理，主管人员
例 The chief executive called a meeting of the company's board of directors. 首席执行官召开了一次公司董事会会议。
记 ex（出来）+ecut（跟随）+ive→跟着命令做出来→执行者

exemplary
exemplary［ɪg'zempləri］
adj. 模范的，典范的；可仿效的〈同　paradigmatic〉
例　The headmaster rewarded Susan for her exemplary performance in school. 校长为苏珊在学校内的模范行为奖励了她。

exemplify
exemplify［ɪg'zemplɪfaɪ］
vt. 例证；作为…的例子〈同 illustrate〉
例　This building exemplifies the architect's dedication and hard work. 这座建筑是建筑师无私奉献和辛苦工作的例证。

exempt
exempt［ɪg'zempt］
vt. 使免除，豁免（from）〈同 immune〉
例　His lame leg exempted him from military service. 他因为瘸腿而被免除兵役。

exert
exert　［ɪɡˈzɜːt］
vt. 运用，行使，施加〈同 apply〉
例 The chairman exerted more influence on the committee than anyone else did. 主席对委员会施加的影响要超过其他任何人。
记 ex（出）+ert（力量）→出力→施加
联 exertion n. 尽力，努力

exhale
exhale［ɪks'heɪl］
vt. 呼出，呼气〈同　breathe out〉
例　Bill inhaled the cigarette smoke and then exhaled deeply. 比尔吸了一口烟，然后大口吐了出来。

exhaust
exhaust　［ɪɡˈzɔːst］
vt. 用尽，耗尽，使精疲力竭〈同 use up〉
例 The long climb to the top of the mountain exhausted our strength. 经过长时间才爬到山顶，我们都精疲力竭。
n. 排气，排气装置
例 Car exhaust fumes are the cause of much pollution. 汽车尾气是造成许多污染的原因。
联 exhausting adj. 用尽的，令人疲乏不堪的；exhaustive adj. 耗尽的，彻底的；exhausted adj. 耗尽的，疲惫的

exhausted
exhausted［ɪg'zɔ:stɪd］
adj. 精疲力竭的〈同　depleted, tired〉
例　The runners were exhausted after the marathon. 运动员们跑完马拉松之后，都已经筋疲力尽。

exhilarating
exhilarating［ɪg'zɪləreɪtɪŋ］
adj. 爽快的，使人愉快的〈同　stimulating〉
例　We came back from an exhilarating walk in the mountains. 我们在山区进行了一次令人愉快的徒步旅行后返回。

exigent
exigent［'eksɪʤənt］
adj. ① 紧急的 ② 苛求的
解　① needing quick action or help ② requiring precise accuracy
例　The driver in the car accident needed exigent medical attention and was driven to a hospital. 遭遇车祸的司机迫切需要医疗护理，随即被开车送往了医院。
构　ex (=out) + ig (=to drive) + ent

exile
exile［'eksaɪl; 'egsaɪl］
vt. 放逐，流放〈同 expel〉
例　The deposed leaders were exiled to a neighboring country. 这几位被罢免的首领被流放到邻国。

exile
exile［'eksaɪl; 'eɡz-］
n./v. 驱逐出，放逐
解　to expel from a country
例　The dictator was overthrown and lived in exile until he died. 独裁者被打倒后，一生过着流亡的生活。

exit
exit［'eksɪt; -zɪt］
v. 出去 n. 出口
解　v. leave, go n. outlet
例　Everyone exited the building when the fire alarm went off. 火警响起的时候，所有人都跑出了大楼。

exodus
exodus［'eksədəs］
n. 大批离去，成群外出
解　a departure of a large number of people or animals
例　The forest fire saw a mass exodus of wildlife leaving the woods. 森林大火使大批野生动物离开了森林。
构　ex (=out) + od < hod (=way) + us

exorbitant
exorbitant［ɪg'zɔ:bɪtənt］
adj.（指价格、索价等）过高的，过分的〈同　expensive, excessive〉
例　Meals at the new restaurant are exorbitant; a simple meal costs seventy-five dollars. 那家新餐馆的饭菜价格太高了；很简单的一顿饭竟然要75美元。

exotic
exotic［ɪg'zɒtɪk］
adj. 异国的，外来的；奇异的〈同 foreign, unusual〉
例　We saw many exotic plants at the flower show; some of them were seen for the first time by the local people. 我们在花展上看到了很多外来植物，有些是本地人第一次看到的。

expand
expand　［ɪkˈspænd］
v. 扩大，膨胀；扩张〈同 dilate〉
例 Heat causes air to expand. 加热会导致空气膨胀。
联 expansion n. 扩张，发展

expanse
expanse［ɪk'spæns］
n. 广阔的区域〈同　space〉
例　Pictures of the Moon show vast expanses of crater and rock. 月亮的照片上显示出一望无际的环形山和岩石。

expedition
expedition［ˌekspɪ'dɪʃən］
n. 远征；探险队〈同 journey〉
例　The explorers started on a year-long expedition down the Nile. 探险家们沿尼罗河而下，开始了为期一年的探险。

expel
expel［ɪk'spel］
vt. 驱逐，开除；排出〈同 oust, discharge〉
例　When we exhale we expel air from our lungs. 当我们呼气的时候，肺将空气排出体外。

expend
expend［ɪk'spend］
vt. 花费；用光（精力、时间、体力等）〈同 spend〉
例　He expended thought, work and money on this big project. 这个重要工程使他费尽心思、精力和金钱。

expend
expend［ɪk'spend］
v. 花费；用光
解　to consume; to use up
例　The bad manager expended the company's annual budget in one month. 这个不称职的经理在一个月内就花光了公司一年的预算。

expenditure
expenditure［ɪk'spendɪtʃə(r); ek-］
n. 花费，消耗，支出
解　money paid out; the act of consuming something or spending money for goods or services
例　When they realized the expenditures were greater than the profits, they knew it wasn't worthwhile. 当他们意识到支出要远远超过收益时，他们知道这很不值得。

expensive
expensive［ɪk'spensɪv］
adj. 昂贵的
例　Fresh strawberries are expensive in the winter. 在冬天，新鲜的草莓价格很高。
同　inexpensive adj. 便宜的，不昂贵的

expertise
expertise［ˌekspɜ:'ti:z］
n. 专门技术、技能〈同 skill〉
例　Because of his expertise in analysis, John was hired as a consultant. 由于约翰有分析的专门技术，他被聘为顾问。

expire
expire［ɪk'spaɪə(r)］
vi. ① 期满，到期〈同 end〉
例　My driver's license will expire next month and I have to renew it. 我的驾照下个月就要到期了，我必须更新。
例　Air is expired from the lungs. 空气从肺部排出来。

explicit
explicit［ɪk'splɪsɪt］
adj. 明确的，清楚的〈同 clear〉
例　Your remarks are explicit; no one can misinterpret them. 你的评论很清楚，没人会误解。

explode
explode　［ɪkˈspləʊd］
vi. 爆炸；爆发〈同 erupt〉
例 The red balloon exploded when I popped it with a pin. 我用大头针一扎，那个红气球就爆炸了。
联 explosion n. 爆发，爆炸

exploit
exploit　［ɪkˈsplɔɪt］
vt. 开拓；开采，开发〈同 open up〉
例 We need to make sure that we exploit our talents as fully as possible. 我们要保证尽量充分地开发我们的才能。
记 ex（出）+ploit（=plic 重叠）→开发出跟从前不重叠的东西→开发
联 exploitation n. 开发，开采；exploitable adj. 可开发的，可利用的；exploiter n. 剥削者

exploit
exploit［ɪk'splɔɪt］
v. 开发利用；剥削
解　to make use of; to make unfair or selfish use of
例　A mine is exploited for its minerals. 矿山被用来开采矿物。

explore
explore　［ɪkˈsplɔː(r)］
vt. ① 探险，勘探〈同 investigate〉
例 The adventurer explored a dangerous underground cave. 探险家探索了一个危险的地下岩洞。
例 Frank explored several science reports for answers to his homework. 弗兰克仔细查阅了几份科学报告，来寻找家庭作业的答案。
记 ex（出）+plore（流出）→使隐藏的流出来→探险，勘探
联 explorer n. 探险家，探测者；exploration n. 勘察；探究

explosive
explosive　［ɪkˈspləʊsɪv］
adj. 爆炸的；易爆发的
例 Dynamite is highly explosive. 炸药极易爆炸。
n. 炸药
例 The explosives in the car luckily did not explode and everyone was safe. 幸运的是汽车里的爆炸物并未爆炸，所有人都很安全。

exponential
exponential［ˌekspə'nen∫əl］
adj. 指数的，幂数的
例　There has been an exponential increase in world population this century. 全球人口在本世纪出现了指数增长。

expose
expose［ɪk'spəʊz］
v. 曝光；暴露
解　to allow light to act on; to make visible or make known; to reveal
例　His back was badly burnt because he exposed it to the sun for too long. 由于暴露在阳光下的时间太长，他的背部被严重灼伤了。
同　exposure n. 暴露；曝光

exposition
exposition［ˌekspə'zɪʃən］
n. 博览会，展览会〈同 exhibition〉
例　A world's fair with exhibits from many countries is an exposition. 展品来自世界各国的展览称为博览会。

exposition
exposition［ˌekspə'zɪʃən］
n. ① 说明，阐释 ② 博览会
解　① an interpretation of the meaning of sth. ② a collection of things for public display
例　The art exposition in New York displayed some of the world's finest works. 纽约举行的这场艺术展展出了一些世界顶级的作品。
构　ex (=out) + pos (=to put) + ition

expressive
expressive［ɪk'spresɪv］
adj. 有表现力的，富有表情的，生动的〈同　indicative, demonstrative〉
例　The expressive speech by the President inspired the crowd with patriotic emotions. 总统富有表现力的演讲，激起了人们的爱国情感。

expressly
expressly［ɪk'spresli］
adv. 特意地，专门〈同　particularly, specifically〉
例　These boots are made expressly for rock climbing. 这些靴子是专门为攀岩制作的。

exquisite
exquisite［ɪk'skwɪzɪt］
adj. 优美的，精致的，高雅的〈同 delicate, elegant〉
例　I've just bought an exquisite piece of china. 我刚买了一件精美的瓷器。

extemporaneous
extemporaneous［ɪkˌstempə'reɪnjəs］
adj. ① 即席的，即兴的 ② 临时的，权宜的
解　① carried out or performed with little or no preparation; impromptu ② provided, made, or adapted as an expedient; makeshift
例　He was surprised to have spoken so eloquently in the extemporaneous speech. 他惊讶地发现自己在作即兴演讲时竟然如此地富有表现力。

extemporize
extemporize［ɪk'stempəraɪz］
v. 即兴（发言、创作、演奏或演说）
解　to perform without preparation; provide something roughly for an immediate need
例　He is the kind of speaker who is more effective when he extemporizes than when he reads from a prepared script. 他是那种作即兴演说比照着事先准备好的演说稿念有感染力的演讲者。
构　ex (=out) + tempor (=time) + ize

extend
extend　［ɪkˈstend］
v. 延长；扩大〈同 stretch〉
例 Tom extended the telescope to its full length. 汤姆把望远镜延伸到最大长度。
联 extension n. 延伸；extensive adj. 广泛的

extension
extension［ɪk'stenʃən］
n. 延长，扩充；增加的部分〈同 supplement, expansion〉
例　The handle isn't long enough; I need an extension. 手柄不够长，我需要延长它。

extensive
extensive［ɪk'stensɪv］
adj. 广的；多方面的；广泛的〈同 vast, widespread〉
例　The newspaper reported extensive damage from the fire. 报纸报道了火灾造成的重大损失。

extensive
extensive［ɪk'stensɪv］
adj. 广大的，广阔的，广泛的
解　of great extent; far-reaching; large
例　Your script has some excellent ideas, but it will need extensive revision if it is to be used as the class play. 你的剧本中有一些非常棒的点子，但是如果要把它用做班级戏剧的剧本，你还需要作大量的修改。
构　ex (=out) + tens (=to stretch) + ive

exterior
exterior　［ɪkˈstɪərɪə(r)］
n. 外部，外表〈同 outside〉
例 Under his exterior there may lie a heart of gold. 在他的外表之下，可能有一颗金子般的心。
记 ext（外）+erior→来自外面的→外部

exterminate
exterminate［ɪk'stɜ:mɪneɪt］
vt. 根除，灭绝〈同　eliminate, annihilate〉
例　Since rats are destructive and may carry disease, many cities try to exterminate them. 由于老鼠极具破坏性，而且可能传播疾病，因此许多城市都在努力消灭它们。

external
external　［ɪkˈstɜːnəl; ekˈstɜːnəl］
adj. 外部的；表面的 〈同 exterior〉
例 The crab's external shell must be removed before you eat the meat inside. 必须先剥去螃蟹的外壳，才能吃到里面的肉。
记 ext（外）+ernal→外部的
联 externalize v. 使外表化；使具体化

external
external［ek'stɜ:nəl］
adj. 外部的
解　relating to or on the outside
例　Ron was in charge of the university's external affairs such as fundraising and recruiting. 罗恩负责大学的外事工作，例如募资和招聘。
同　externalize v. 使具体化，使形象化

extinct
extinct［ɪk'stɪŋkt］
adj.（动物）灭绝的；（火山）不再活跃的，熄灭的〈同 nonexistent, vanished〉
例　Dinosaurs may have become extinct when a meteor struck Earth. 恐龙可能在陨石撞击地球的时候灭绝了。

extinguish
extinguish［ɪk'stɪŋgwɪʃ］
vt. 熄灭；消灭，压制〈同 put out, destroy〉
例　Water extinguished the fire. 水浇灭了火。
例　Vanilla extract is a common ingredient in candies. 香草提取物是糖果的常用配料。
例　The doctor extracted the snake's poison from the bite. 医生把蛇毒从蛇咬的伤口处吸了出来。

extol
extol［ɪk'stəʊl］
vt. 赞美〈同　praise, exalt〉
例　They wrote a song to extol their dead leader. 他们写了一首歌，来赞颂逝去的领袖。

extort
extort［ɪk'stɔ:t］
v. 勒索，强索
解　to obtain by force or improper pressure
例　Blackmailers try to extort money from their victims. 勒索者试图从受害者手中强索钱财。
同　extortionist n. 敲诈勒索者
构　ex (=out) + tort (=to twist)

extract
extract［ɪk'strækt］
v. 提炼；拔出；提取
解　draw or pull out, usually with some force or effort
例　The dentist extracted all four of her wisdom teeth. 牙医把她的四颗智齿全拔掉了。
同　extraction n. 血统；拔出，提取

extradition
extradition［ˌekstrə'dɪʃən］
n. 引渡逃犯
解　surrender of a fugitive or prisoner by one state, nation, or authority to another
例　The lawyers opposed the extradition of their client on the grounds that for more than five years he had been a model citizen. 律师反对引渡其委托人，理由是五年多以来他一直是模范公民。

extravagant
extravagant［ɪk'strævəgənt］
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的〈同 wasteful〉
例　His extravagant buying habits will have to stop. 他花钱大手大脚的习惯得改掉。

extremity
extremity［ɪks'treməti］
n. 末端；极端，极度〈同　end; limit〉
例　Alaska is the northern extremity of the United States. 阿拉斯加是美国的最北端。

extricate
extricate［'ekstrɪkeɪt］
v. 拯救，救出
解　to set free from entanglements, difficulties, embarrassing situations, etc.; to release
例　Jim tried to extricate himself from the heated argument by saying he had to go to the bathroom. 为了从激烈的争吵中脱身，吉姆借口说要去趟卫生间。
构　ex (=out) + tric (=petty obstacle) + ate
同　extricable adj. 能救出的，能脱险的

exuberant
exuberant［ɪg'zju:bərənt; (US)-zu:-］
adj. ①充满活力的〈同　high-spirited, lively〉
例　His speeches were famous for his exuberant language and vivid imagery. 他的演讲以充满活力的语言和生动的比喻而著名。
例　The path was blocked by the exuberant growth of wild blackberry bushes. 这条路被茂盛的野生黑莓灌木丛挡住了。

eyewitness
eyewitness［'aɪwɪtnəs］
n. 目击者〈同　witness〉
例　The police protected the eyewitness of the murder in case there were any attempts on her life. 警方对凶杀案的目击证人进行了保护，以免出现任何威胁她生命的情况。

fable
fable［'feɪbəl］
n. 寓言，神话〈同 tale, myth〉
例　My favorite fable is the one about the tortoise and the hare. 我最喜欢的一个寓言是关于乌龟和兔子的。

fabric
fabric　［ˈfæbrɪk］
n. ① 织物，布〈同 cloth〉
例 The sofa is covered with a soft cotton fabric. 沙发上盖着一块柔软的棉布。
例 It is necessary to protect the fabric of civilized society. 保护文明社会的结构是非常有必要的。

fabricate
fabricate［'fæbrɪkeɪt］
vt. ① 制作，构成〈同 make, assemble〉
例　Automobiles are fabricated from parts made in different factories. 汽车由不同工厂生产出来的配件组装而成。
例　The clerk fabricated an excuse to avoid questioning. 这个职员编造了一个理由，以免被质询。

facade
facade［fə'sɑ:d］
n. 正面，表面〈同　face; appearance〉
例　Our bedroom window is on the southern facade of the building, enabling us to enjoy plenty of sunshine. 我们卧室的窗户在楼的南面，这样我们享受到充足的阳光。

facade
facade［fə'sɑ:d］
n. 建筑物的正面，外表
解　the face or front of a building
例　The facade of the church had often been photographed by tourists because it was more interesting than the rear. 游客经常对教堂的正面拍照，因为它比背面更有意思。

facet
facet［'fæsɪt］
n. 面；（问题等的）方面〈同 side, aspect〉
例　The problem that we face now has many legal and financial facets. 我们现在面临的问题有很多法律和金融方面的问题。

facetious
facetious［fə'si:ʃəs］
adj. 轻浮的，好开玩笑的
解　cleverly amusing in tone, joking inappropriately
例　Your facetious remarks are not appropriate at this serious moment. 在这个严肃的时刻，你的诙谐言论不合时宜。

facilitate
facilitate［fə'sɪlɪteɪt］
vt. 使容易；有助于，促进〈同 promote, expedite〉
例　Modern technology has facilitated the production process. 现代科技促进了生产力的发展。

facility
facility　［fəˈsɪləti］
n. 设施，设备〈同 equipment〉
例 The bathroom facilities will be closed today for repairs. 卫生间设施将在今天停用，进行维修。
联 facilitate v. 使容易，帮助

facsimile
facsimile［fæk'sɪməli］
n. 复制品，赝品〈同　reproduction, duplicate〉
例　Many museums sell facsimiles of the works of art on display. 许多博物馆都会出售展出艺术品的复制品。

faction
faction［'fæk∫ən］
n. 派别，宗派，小集团〈同　group, sect〉
例　After their leader died, the members broke up into factions. 领导人死后，成员们分裂成了许多派系。

factual
factual［'fæktjʊəl］
adj. 事实的，实际的〈同　real, actual〉
例　The honest witness gave a factual account of the crime. 那位诚实的证人对犯罪过程进行了实事求是的说明。

factual
factual［'fæktjʊəl］
adj. 事实的，实际的
解　concerned with facts; consisting of facts
例　The witness pledged in the court to give a factual account of what she had seen. 目击证人在法庭上宣誓对自己所看到的一切作真实陈述。
近　faculty n. （大学的）院系；全体教师

faculty
faculty　［ˈfækəlti］
n. ① 全体教员；全体从业人员〈同 staff〉
例 That university has an excellent faculty. 那所大学拥有非常雄厚的师资力量。
例 Helen was recommended because of her strong academic faculties. 海伦因学术能力很强而获得推荐。

fade
fade　［feɪd］
vi. ① 逐渐消失〈同 disappear〉
例 As soon as the police arrived, the crowd faded away. 警方刚刚到达，人群便逐渐散去了。
例 Over the years, the bright red carpet faded to pink. 经过这些年，亮红色的地毯褪色成了粉红色。

failing
failing［'feɪlɪŋ］
n. 弱点；缺点
解　weakness; defect
例　We all have our failings —no one is perfect. 我们都有缺点，毕竟人无完人。

failure
failure［'feɪljə(r)］
n. 失败；失灵，故障
解　a lack of ability to do or become successful; failing
例　Failure is natural, since we are all human, but the ability to rise from that failure is what differentiates winners from losers. 我们都是凡人，所以失败是自然的，但是能否从失败中站起来则是区分胜利者和失败者的关键。

faint
faint　［feɪnt］
adj. 微弱的；模糊的；无力的〈同 dim; feeble〉
例 The professor spoke so fast that Christopher only had a faint idea of what he was saying. 教授说得太快了，克里斯托弗对他的话只有一点模糊的概念。
联 faintly adv. 微弱地；模糊地

fainthearted
fainthearted［ˌfeɪnt'hɑ:tɪd］
adj. 懦弱的，胆小的
解　lacking courage; cowardly
例　The fainthearted boy was too scared to fight the older boy who bullied him. 这个胆小的男孩很害怕，不敢与欺负他的大男孩打架。
构　faint adj. 无力的；微弱的

faithful
faithful［'feɪθfʊl］
adj. 忠实的〈同 loyal, devoted〉
例　Several senior workers were given awards for long and faithful service. 几位高级工人因为长期、忠诚的奉献而获得表彰。

fake
fake［feɪk］
n. 赝品，假货〈同 imitation, counterfeit〉
例　The antique collector must be able to distinguish real antiques from fakes. 古董收藏者一定要有鉴别古董真伪的能力。
adj. 假的，伪造的〈同 false〉
例　Her ring is set with a fake diamond. 她的戒指上镶了一颗假钻石。

falcon
falcon［'fɔ:lkən; (US)'fælkən］
n.（猎鸟用的）猎鹰
例　The falcon liked to eat small birds. 猎鹰喜欢吃小鸟。

fallacy
fallacy［'fæləsi］
n. 谬误，错误
解　a misconception resulting from incorrect reasoning
例　The testimony of the eyewitness was considered a fallacy because he was blind. 这位目击者的证词被认为是错误的，因为他是一位盲人。
同　fallacious adj. 谬误的；欺骗的

fallible
fallible［'fæləbəl］
adj. 会犯错的，易犯错的
解　likely to fail or be inaccurate
例　I know I am fallible, but I feel confident that I am right this time. 我知道我经常犯错，但是我相信我这次一定是对的。
同　fallibility n. 易犯错误；不可靠性；infallible adj. 绝不会错的；绝对可靠的

fame
fame　［feɪm］
n. 名声，名望〈同 reputation〉
例 Because of the president's fame, everyone recognized him. 这位总裁很有名气，每个人都认识他。

familiar
familiar　［fəˈmɪlɪə(r)］
adj. 熟悉的；常见的〈同 well known; common〉
例 I think I am lost because nothing here looks familiar. 我觉得我迷路了，因为这里的一切看起来都很陌生。
联 familiarize vt. 使熟悉

famine
famine　［ˈfæmɪn］
n. 饥荒，饥饿〈同 starvation〉
例 Unless it rains this week, the loss of crops could result in a famine. 如果本周不下雨，粮食歉收将导致饥荒。

famous
famous　［ˈfeɪməs］
adj. 著名的〈同 well-known〉
例 Abraham Lincoln is a very famous U.S. President. 亚伯拉罕•林肯是一位非常著名的美国总统。

fanatical
fanatical［fə'nætɪkəl］
adj. 狂热的；入迷的〈同　crazy, frenetic〉
例　His enthusiasm for dancing was almost fanatical. 他对舞蹈的热情近乎狂热。

fancy
fancy　［ˈfænsi］
adj. 新奇的；花哨的〈同 novel〉
例 This dress is too fancy. Do you have anything simpler? 这条裙子太花哨了。你这里有没有更朴素点的？
联 fanciful adj. 爱空想的

fantastic
fantastic［fæn'tæstɪk］
adj.〈口〉极好的；奇异的〈同 marvelous, extraordinary〉
例　He told a fantastic story about being abducted by creatures from outer space. 他讲了一个他被外太空生物绑架的离奇故事。

fantasy
fantasy　［ˈfæntəsi］
n. 幻想；白日梦〈同 dream〉
例 Look! The novel is full of nothing but fantasy. 看！这部小说里全都是幻想。
联 fantasia n. 幻想曲；fantastic adj. 怪诞的；极出色的；fantasize v. 空想，幻想，做白日梦

farce
farce［fɑ:s］
n. 闹剧，滑稽剧
例　It's a farce for him to apply for a job in which he's had no experience. 他竟然去申请一份自己没有任何经验的工作，真是胡闹。

fare
fare［feə(r)］
n. 车（船）费〈同 charge〉
例　What is the plane fare from London to Los Angeles? 从伦敦飞往洛杉矶的机票价格是多少？

farewell
farewell　［fɛəˈwel］
n. 辞别，再见；送别会〈同 goodbye〉
例 Anne's farewell at the bus terminal was quite sad; nearly all the people cried. 在汽车站为安妮举行的送别会非常令人伤心；几乎所有人都哭了。

fascinate
fascinate［'fæsɪneɪt］
vt. 使着迷，使神魂颠倒〈同 intrigue, enthrall〉
例　She fascinated the audience with tales of her adventures. 她的冒险故事令观众们很着迷。

fascinating
fascinating　［ˈfæsɪneɪtɪŋ］
adj. 迷人的，醉人的〈同 engrossing〉
例 The sea is full of treasures—all kinds of strange fascinating organisms. 大海里处处都是宝——有各种奇怪的、迷人的生物。
记 来自fascinate（迷住，使人神魂颠倒）：fascin（捆住）+ate→用魅力把人捆住了→迷住
联 fascination n. 魅力；入迷，着迷

fatal
fatal　［ˈfeɪtəl］
adj. 致命的〈同 deadly, mortal〉
例 The doctor told the patient he had a fatal disease and only had two months to live. 医生告诉患者他得了绝症，只能再活两个月。
记 fat（=fate 命运）+al→致命的
联 fatalism n. 宿命论；fatality n. 天命；致命性

fateful
fateful［'feɪtfʊl］
adj. 重大的，决定性的〈同　crucial, critical〉
例　The married couple recalled that fateful day when they first met. 那对夫妇回忆起两人初次见面的那个重要日子。

fatigue
fatigue　［fəˈtiːɡ］
n. 疲乏，劳累〈同 weariness〉
例 Increasing numbers of people in high-powered jobs are suffering from fatigue and stress-related illnesses. 越来越多担任高层职位的人感觉疲惫不堪，并且出现与压力有关的疾病。

faucet
faucet［'fɔ:sɪt］
n. 水龙头
例　He turned on the faucet to wash his hands. 他打开水龙头洗手。

fault
fault ［fɔ:lt］
n. ①【地质】断层〈同　crack〉
例　The earthquake which happened last night created a fault line in the middle of the town. 昨天晚上发生的地震在城市中间形成了一个断层线。
例　Profits are down and the fault is in bad management. 利润在下降，而责任在于糟糕的管理。

fault
fault［fɔ:lt］
n. ① 断层 ② 过错，缺点
解　n. ① break in the continuity of layers of rock ② failure to perform a task or fulfill an obligation
例　She told the judge that the car accident was his fault, not hers. 她告诉法官那起交通事故是他的责任，而非她的。

faultfinder
faultfinder［'fɔ:ltfaɪndə］
n. 吹毛求疵者
解　someone who is critical of the motives of others
例　No one likes a boss who is a faultfinder. 没有人喜欢吹毛求疵的老板。
近　find v. 找到；finding n. 调查结果

faultless
faultless［'fɔ:ltləs］
adj. 完美无缺的
解　without a single fault or defect; perfect
例　The student's math test was faultless and he got a perfect score. 这名学生在数学测验中一道题都没有错，获得了满分。

faulty
faulty［'fɔ:lti］
adj. 有过失的；有缺点的，不完美的〈同 defective, imperfect〉
例　You should repair the faulty electrical machines because it's dangerous for people to touch them. 你应该修理好这些有问题的电机，因为要是有人碰到它会很危险。

favorable
favorable［'feɪvərəbəl］
adj. 有利的；顺利的；赢得赞扬的〈同 beneficial, approving〉
例　We ought to set sail soon, while the weather is still favorable. 我们应该趁着天气还不错的时候马上起航。

feasible
feasible　［ˈfiːzəbəl］
adj. 切实可行的〈同 practicable〉
例 This is an entirely feasible proposal. I suggest we adopt it. 这是一项完全可行的提议。我建议予以采纳。
记 feas（=fact 做）+ible→能做的→切实可行的
联 unfeasible adj. 不能实行的，行不通的；feasibility n. 可行性

feast
feast［fi:st］
n. 节日，盛宴〈同 banquet〉
例　The queen held a feast in honor of her son's marriage. 女王设宴为儿子庆祝新婚。

feat
feat ［fi:t］
n. 功绩，壮举〈同　achievement, accomplishment〉
例　Man's first landing on the moon was a great feat in human history. 人类首次登上月球是人类历史上的一次伟大壮举。
例　The grapes need to ferment before they can turn into wine. 葡萄被酿成酒之前，必须经过发酵。
例　Rumors of war caused ferment throughout the country. 战争的流言在整个国家引发了动乱。

feckless
feckless［'fekləs］
adj. 无目标的，无责任心的
解　not fit to assume responsibility
例　A company run by a feckless manager will not survive in such a competitive market. 一个由毫无责任感的管理者来经营的公司是无法在竞争如此激烈的市场中生存下去的。

federation
federation［ˌfedə'reɪʃən］
n. 联盟，同盟，联邦
例　Each member of the federation keeps control over its own affairs. 联盟中每个成员的事务由他们自己来控制。

feeble
feeble［'fi:bəl］
adj. 微弱的；衰弱的〈同 weak, faint〉
例　The old man was too feeble to walk. 老人太虚弱了，连路都没法走了。

feedback
feedback［'fi:dbæk］
n. 反馈，反应〈同 response〉
例　Janet received a lot of feedback on her ideas about baby-sitting. 珍妮特当保姆的想法得到了很多人的回应。

fellowship
fellowship［'feləʊʃɪp］
n. 奖学金；研究员基金；同伙关系
例　She's applied to various foundations for a research fellowship. 她向许多基金会提交了研究员基金申请。

female
female　［ˈfiːmeɪl］
n./adj. 女性（的），女人（的）
例 Breast cancer is more common in females than in males. 乳腺癌在女性中的发病率要高于男性。
联 feminine adj. 阴性的，女性的；feminism n. 女权运动；feminist n. 女权主义者

feminine
feminine［'femɪnɪn］
adj. 女性的；有女性气质的；［语法学］阴性的〈同 womanly〉
例　The shop was decorated in a feminine manner. 这个商店的装饰风格很女性化。

fender
fender［'fendə(r)］
n. 挡泥板；护舷垫
解　metal frame over the wheel of a car, truck, bicycle, etc., that protects the wheel and reduces splashing in wet weather
例　He did not realize his bike's back fender had fallen off and the bike splashed rainwater all over his back. 他没有意识到自行车后轮的挡泥板脱落了，整个背部都被轮子溅起的泥水弄脏了。

fertile
fertile　［ˈfɜːtaɪl; (US)ˈfɜːrtəl］
adj. ① 肥沃的，富饶的；能繁殖的〈同 rich〉
例 The farmers have used this fertile land to plant rice and tomatoes. 农民们利用这块肥沃的土地种植水稻和西红柿。
例 The meeting was quite fertile, with a number of fine ideas being discussed. 会议成果显著，大家对很多好的想法进行了讨论。
联 infertile adj. 不肥沃的，贫瘠的，不结果实的；fertilize vt. 施肥于，使肥沃；fertilizer n. 肥料（尤指化学肥料）

fertilize
fertilize［'fɜ:tɪlaɪz; 'fɜ:təlaɪz］
vt. 施肥，使丰饶；使受精〈同 enrich〉
例　Many farmers fertilize their farmland with chemicals. 很多农民给他们的农田施化肥。

fervent
fervent［'fɜ:vənt］
adj. 有热情的；热的；热烈的
解　characterized by intense emotion; impassioned
例　She expressed her feelings for him in a fervent love letter sealed with a kiss. 她在一封热情洋溢的情书里表达了对他的爱，然后以吻封缄。
构　ferv (=to boil; bubble) + ent

fervid
fervid［'fɜ:vɪd］
adj. 热情的
解　characterized by intense emotion; ardent
例　The fervid poet wrote love sonnets that impassioned both women and men. 这位热情的诗人所写的爱情十四行诗打动了男男女女。

fervor
fervor ［'fɜ:və(r)］
n. 热情，热烈〈同　zeal, enthusiasm〉
例　Their kiss was full of the fervor of love. 他们的吻满含爱的激情。

fervor
fervor［'fɜ:və(r)］
n. 热诚，热心
解　glowing ardor
例　He tackled his first day at work with great fervor. 他用极大的热情来迎接他工作的第一天。

festive
festive　［ˈfestɪv］
adj. 欢宴的；节日的
例 The Christmas celebration brought a festive atmosphere to the small town. 圣诞节庆祝活动给这座小城镇带来了节日气氛。
记 fest（=feast 节日）+ive→节日的
联 festival n. 节日

fetch
fetch　［fetʃ］
vt. 接来；取来，(去）拿来〈同 bring〉
例 My antique car fetched me $75,000 at the auction. 我的古董车拍卖了75,000美元。

feud
feud［'fju:d］
n. 世仇，不和〈同　enmity, vendetta〉
例　Negotiations are taking place aimed at ending the 10-year-old feud between the two countries. 为了结束两国之间长达十年的不和，目前两国正在进行谈判。

feverish
feverish［'fi:vərɪ∫］
adj. ①发烧的〈同　hot〉
例　I feel feverish so I think I'll try to sleep for an hour. 我感觉发烧了，所以我觉得应该尽量睡一个小时。
例　Tom waited in a state of feverish anxiety for his mother to come home. 汤姆焦急地等待着妈妈回家。

fiber
fiber　［ˈfaɪbə(r)］
n. 纤维；光纤
例 Different fibers have different uses, and can be found in both clothing and food. 不同的纤维有不同的用处，在衣服和食物中都能找到。

fidelity
fidelity［fɪ'deləti; (US)faɪ'dɪləti］
n. 忠实，忠诚〈同　faithfulness, loyalty〉
例　The fidelity of the soldier's wife was strong and she waited for more than twenty years for him to return. 这个士兵的妻子非常忠诚，她二十多年来一直在等他回家。

fidelity
fidelity［fɪ'delɪti］
n. 忠实，忠诚
解　the quality of being faithful; loyalty
例　His girlfriend broke up with him because she said he had no sense of fidelity. 他的女朋友和他分手了，因为她说他对她已经没有忠诚可言。
同　infidelity n. 不忠实，不贞

fierce
fierce　［fɪəs］
adj. 凶猛的〈同 ferocious〉
例 We saw fierce tigers at the zoo. 我们在动物园里见到了凶猛的老虎。

figurehead
figurehead［'fɪgəhed］
n. 装饰船头的雕像，破浪神；有名无实的领袖〈同　token〉
例　The king was reduced to a figurehead after the revolution. 革命胜利之后，国王变成了有名无实的领袖。

figurehead
figurehead［'fɪɡəhed］
n. 傀儡领袖，名义领袖
解　a head or chief in name only
例　The army invaded the country and picked as a figurehead a local person that people could relate to. 军队入侵了这个国家，从当地人之中挑选了一个大家都比较熟悉的人作为名誉领袖。

file
file　［faɪl］
n. ① 档案〈同 document〉
例 I accidentally dropped a stack of files, and all the papers fell out. 我不小心掉了一摞档案，里面的所有文件都掉了出来。
例 All the ships are sailing in single file. 所有船只成一列纵队向前航行。
v. 把文件（或资料）归档〈同 arrange〉
例 I filed the reports in the drawer. 我把抽屉里的报告进行了归档。

filter
filter　［ˈfɪltə(r)］
vt. 过滤〈同 strain〉
例 We filter our drinking water. 我们过滤我们的饮用水。
n. 过滤器
例 The filter of a cigarette helps prevent some of the harmful substances from entering the body. 香烟的过滤嘴有助于防止有害物质进入身体。

finale
finale［fɪ'nɑ:li］
n. 终曲；乐曲的最后部分
解　conclusion
例　It is not until we reach the finale of this play that we can understand the author's message. 直到看到剧本的结尾处，我们才理解了作者想要传达的信息。

finality
finality［faɪ'nælɪti］
n. 结束
解　the state or quality of being final or complete
例　His boss ended the conversation with a tone of finality and he went back to work. 他的老板用结束的语气停止了谈话，于是他回去干活了。

finance
finance　［ˈfaɪnæns］
n. 财政，拨款〈同 funding〉
例 We've had some difficulty raising finances for the project. 我们在为这个项目融资时遇到了麻烦。
vt. 资助〈同 subsidize〉
例 Joe financed his girlfriend's study abroad, but she never came back. 乔资助他女朋友出国留学，结果她一去不复返了。
联 financial adj. 财政的；financing n. 筹措资金

finesse
finesse［fɪ'nes］
n. ①精密技巧，灵巧〈同　delicacy, adroitness〉
例　The finesse and adroitness of the surgeon impressed the observers in the operating room. 那名外科医生的灵巧与熟练令手术室内的观察人员印象深刻。
例　She has handled these difficult negotiations with tremendous finesse. 她以惊人的手腕解决了这些困难的谈判。

fingerprint
fingerprint［'fɪŋɡəprɪnt］
n. 指纹
解　a clue made by an impression of the ridges in the skin of a finger
例　The police dusted for fingerprints at the crime scene to find suspects. 为了找到犯罪嫌疑人，警察在犯罪现场提取了指纹。

finite
finite［'faɪnaɪt］
adj. 有限（制）的〈同 limited〉
例　The resources of our planet are finite. 我们地球上的资源是有限的。

firearm
firearm［'faɪərɑ:m］
n. 枪
解　a portable gun
例　You are prohibited from carrying firearms on airplanes. 禁止携带枪支登机。
近　fire n. 火 v. 生火；firefly n. 萤火虫

fishy
fishy［'fɪ∫i］
adj. 鱼的，鱼味的；腥臭的
例　Tim and Raul had to clean the boat three times to get rid of the fishy smell. 蒂姆和劳尔不得不把船清洁了三遍，才消除了鱼腥味。

fist
fist［fɪst］
n. 拳头
例　She clenched her fists because of the pain. 她因为疼痛而紧握双拳。

fitness
fitness［'fɪtnəs］
n. 健康〈同　health, vigor〉
例　Her plan for fitness included regular exercise and a diet. 她的健身计划包括定期锻炼和节食。

fixture
fixture［'fɪkstʃə(r)］
n.（房屋等的）固定装置；固定设备
例　All fixtures are included in the house price. 房价包含房屋内的所有固定装置。

flabby
flabby［'flæbi］
adj.（肌肉等）不结实的，松弛的〈同　weak, limp〉
例　He could not use his arm for two months after it broke, and it became very flabby. 他的胳膊在断了之后的两个月内都不能动，因此变得非常松弛。

flair
flair［fleə(r)］
n. 才能，本领〈同　talent, knack〉
例　During the speech contest, the student showed a flair for public speaking. 在演讲比赛的过程中，那名学生表现出公开演讲的天赋。

flake
flake［fleɪk］
v. 使成薄片；雪片般落下，剥落
例　Dirty, gray spots showed where the paint had flaked off. 脏的灰点显示出涂料剥落的地方。
n. 薄片〈同　slice, chip〉
例　This room needs redecorating; flakes of paint keep coming off the walls. 这个房间需要重新装修；墙上经常掉下漆皮。

flamboyant
flamboyant［flæm'bɔɪənt］
adj. 艳丽的；炫耀的〈同　showy, ostentatious〉
例　Modern styles of architecture have discarded the flamboyant trimming on buildings and emphasize simplicity of line. 当代建筑风格放弃了华丽的建筑装饰，而强调线条的简洁。

flame
flame　［fleɪm］
n. 火焰，光辉〈同 blaze〉
例 Flames roared out of the burning house. 火焰从那栋着火的房子里蹿出来。

flank
flank［flæŋk］
n. 侧面，侧翼
例　The general concentrated his attack on the left flank of the opposing army. 将军集中火力攻击敌军的左翼。

flap
flap［flæp］
v. 拍动，拍打；鼓翼而飞〈同 flutter, vibrate〉
例　The caged bird flapped its wings in a vain attempt to fly away. 笼子里的鸟拍打着翅膀想飞走，但却徒劳无功。

flare
flare［fleə(r)］
n. 闪光，闪耀〈同 flash〉
例　There was a sudden flare when she threw the petrol onto the fire. 当她把汽油浇到火上的时候，火势突然增大了。
vi. 闪光，突然爆发或燃烧，闪耀〈同 glare〉
例　The candle flared in the darkness. 蜡烛的火焰在黑暗中闪耀。

flash
flash　［flæʃ］
n. 闪光；闪现〈同 flare〉
例 It is common knowledge that a flash of lightning is seen before a clap of thunder is heard. 先看到闪电，后听到雷声，这是常识。
例 The driver flashed the blinker to indicate a left turn. 司机打转向灯来示意要向左转。
联 flashlight n. 手电筒；闪光灯

flatter
flatter［'flætə(r)］
v. 阿谀奉承；讨好〈同 overpraise〉
例　He flattered her by saying she looked like a movie star. 他讨好她，说她长得像电影明星。

flavor
flavor　［ˈfleɪvə(r)］
n. 味，风味〈同 taste〉
例 The drink has the flavor of grapes. 这杯饮料有葡萄的味道。
vt. 加香味于〈同 season〉
例 Joey's mom flavored the chicken with sugar to make it sweet. 乔伊的妈妈用糖来给鸡肉调味，让它变得香甜。
联 flavoring n. 香料，调味品；flavorful adj. 充满…味道的，可口的

flaw
flaw［flɔ:］
n. 缺点，瑕疵〈同 fault〉
例　This shirt is inexpensive because it has a minor flaw. 这件衬衫价钱不贵，因为有一个小瑕疵。

flee
flee　［fliː］
v. 逃跑〈同 escape〉
例 The thieves fled when they heard the alarm. 小偷们听到警报声便逃走了。

fleet
fleet［fli:t］
n.（尤指有固定活动地区的）舰队，船队
例　A fleet is a group of ships under one command. 舰队由一组军舰组成，并接受统一指挥。
adj. 快速的，敏捷的〈同 rapid〉
例　The robber made a fleet escape. 强盗飞快地逃走了。

fleeting
fleeting［'fli:tɪŋ］
adj. 短暂的，飞逝的〈同　transient, temporary〉
例　The appearance of the comet was fleeting. 彗星的出现是转瞬即逝的。

flex
flex［fleks］
v. 弯曲
解　to bend
例　She flexed her stiff arm slowly. 她慢慢地弯曲僵硬的胳膊。
近　flax n. 亚麻；apex n. 顶点，最高点；appendix n. 附录；阑尾

flexible
flexible　［ˈfleksəbəl］
adj. 易弯曲的，柔软的；变通的〈同 pliant, elastic〉
例 Janet easily bent the flexible wire into a loop. 珍妮特很轻松就把软线弯成了一个圈。
联 flexibility n. 灵活性

flexible
flexible［'fleksəbəl］
adj. ① 灵活的 ② 柔软的，易弯曲的
解　① able to adjust readily to different conditions ② able to flex, able to bend easily
例　Leather, rubber, and wire are flexible. 皮革、橡胶和金属丝是可以弯曲的。
同　flexibility n. 弹性，灵活性；柔韧性；inflexible adj. 顽固的；不灵活的，僵硬的

flickering
flickering［'flɪkərɪŋ］
adj. 闪烁的，摇曳的，一闪一闪的
例　We watched the flickering lights in the distance. 我们看到远处闪烁的灯光。

fling
fling［flɪŋ］
v. 猛投，掷〈同 throw〉
例　In a rage the wife flung the cup out of the room. 妻子一怒之下把杯子从房间里扔了出去。

flint
flint［flɪnt］
n. 打火石
例　He carried a piece of flint when he went hiking just in case he needed to start a fire. 他去徒步旅行的时候带了一块打火石，以便需要生火时使用。

float
float　［fləʊt］
v. 漂浮，使漂浮〈同 drift along〉
例 A small boat floated on the surface of the lake. 一艘小船漂浮在湖面上。

flock
flock　［flɒk］
n.（禽、畜等的）群；大量〈同 group〉
例 The flock of swallows flew south for the cold winter. 这群燕子飞到南方去度过寒冷的冬天。
v. 蜂拥，群集〈同 gather〉
例 The crowd flocked around the movie star. 人群聚集在这个电影明星周围。

flounder
flounder［'flaʊndə(r)］
n. 比目鱼
例　Flounder and sloe are both flat-bodied, but they are entirely different kinds of fish. 比目鱼和鳎目鱼都是扁平的，但它们是完全不同的两种鱼。
vi. 挣扎，艰难地移动〈同　struggle, stumble〉
例　He floundered in the deep water, trying desperately to reach the bank. 他在深水里挣扎，拼命想靠到岸边。

flourish
flourish　［ˈflʌrɪʃ］
例 The orange trees flourished in the sun. 橘子树在阳光下长得很茂盛。

fluctuate
fluctuate［'flʌktjʊeɪt］
vi. 波动，起伏〈同 alternate〉
例　The citizens' opinion of the president fluctuated from week to week. 人民对总统的看法每周都有所不同。

fluctuate
fluctuate［'flʌktjʊeɪt］
v. 波动；（使）起伏，变化
解　to rise and fall; to change continually; to waver
例　The temperature fluctuates from day to day. 气温每天都在变化。
同　fluctuation n. 波动，变动

fluent
fluent　［ˈfluːənt］
adj. 流利的，流畅的
例 This job requires you to be fluent in English and Spanish. 这份工作要求你能流利地说英语和西班牙语。

fluent
fluent［'flu(:)ənt］
adj. 流利的
解　able to speak or write clearly and easily
例　A language student cannot be truly fluent without living in the country where the language is spoken daily. 对于学语言的学生来说，如果没有在每天使用这种语言的国家生活过，很难真正把外语说得流利。
构　flu (=to flow) + ent

fluffy
fluffy［'flʌfi］
adj. 绒毛的，松软的〈同　fuzzy, soft〉
例　Baby chicks have fluffy feathers. 小鸡崽有松软的羽毛。

fluid
fluid［'flu(:)ɪd］
n. 液体，流体 adj. 流动的，不固定的
解　n. substance that flows adj. able to flow as gases and liquids do
例　The triathlete was dehydrated because he didn't consume enough fluids during the race. 这位参加三项全能比赛的运动员脱水了，因为他在比赛期间没有补充足够的水分。
同　fluidity n. 流动性，液体性

fluorescent
fluorescent［ˌflʊə'resənt］
adj. 荧光的
例　The fluorescent plants in the sea looked like a city at night. 海里的荧光植物看起来就像一座夜间的城市。

flush
flush［flʌʃ］
v. ① 冲洗；奔涌〈同 wash〉
例　After dinner, she flushed food scraps down the garbage disposal. 晚饭以后，她把剩饭倒到垃圾处理机里冲走。
例　He flushed with anger when I insulted him. 我羞辱了他，他的脸气得通红。

flutter
flutter［'flʌtə(r)］
v. 鼓翼，拍（翅膀）；（使）飘动〈同 wave〉
例　The flag fluttered in the breeze. 旗子在微风中飘扬。

flux
flux［flʌks］
n. 变迁；涨潮〈同　conversion; flow〉
例　The bad weather may put your travel plans in a state of flux. 糟糕的天气可能会让你的旅行计划不断改变。

foam
foam［fəʊm］
n. 泡沫
例　I like to shake my soda to create a foam. 我喜欢摇晃苏打水来产生泡沫。

focus
focus　［ˈfəʊkəs］
n. 焦距；（兴趣活动等的）中心〈同 center〉
例 Please adjust the focus before you look through the telescope. 在通过望远镜观察之前，请调整焦距。
v. 聚焦，注视〈同 center〉
例 The photographer focused the lens and then took the picture. 摄影师先对准镜头的焦距，然后再拍照。

foe
foe［fəʊ］
n. 敌人，敌军〈同　enemy, adversary〉
例　Hitler was an ardent foe of global peace. 希特勒是全球和平不共戴天的敌人。

foggy
foggy［'fɒgi］
adj. 多雾的，模糊的
例　Because of the foggy weather it was difficult to see and more difficult to drive a car. 由于雾天，看清（路）都有难度，开车就更难了。

foil
foil［fɔɪl］
n. 金属薄片，箔
例　Candy is sometimes wrapped in foil to keep it fresh. 为了保鲜，糖果有时会被裹上一层箔纸。
v. 阻止，挫败〈同 thwart, frustrate〉
例　His attempt to kill the leader was foiled by the guard. 他试图刺杀首领，被守卫阻止了。

fold
fold［fəʊld］
v. 折叠；抢〈同 crease〉
例　He folded his arms in anticipation of a long wait at the doctor's office. 他把双臂抱在胸前，做好在医生的办公室里等很长时间的准备。
n. 折痕，褶〈同 pleat〉
例　The kitten played in the folds of the curtain. 小猫在窗帘的皱褶处玩耍。

folklore
folklore［'fəʊklɔ:(r)］
n. 民间传说
例　Folklore says that a large monster lives at the bottom of the lake and likes to eat little boys and girls, so be careful if you go swimming. 根据民间传说，在湖底住着一只巨大的怪兽，它喜欢吃童男童女，所以在湖里游泳的时候一定要小心。

folly
folly［'fɒli］
n. 愚笨，愚蠢；荒唐事〈同　foolishness, absurdity〉
例　Why are we standing in line in the cold? This is folly! 我们为什么要在大冷天排队？真是愚蠢！

foment
foment［fəʊ'ment］
vt. 煽动，助长〈同　stir up, instigate〉
例　The radicals set off several bombs in an effort to foment rebellion among the peasants. 为了煽动农民叛乱，激进分子引爆了多颗炸弹。

footnote
footnote［'fʊtnəʊt］
n. 脚注
例　The footnote explained the source of the information in the report. 报告中的脚注解释了信息来源。

forage
forage［'fɒrɪʤ; (US)'fɔ:rɪʤ］
v. 搜寻（食物）〈同　hunt, search〉
例　The deer foraged in the woods for food. 鹿在丛林中寻找食物。

foray
foray［'fɒreɪ; (US)'fɔ:reɪ］
n. 突袭，偷袭〈同　assault〉
例　Armed bandits made forays into the villages and stole cattle. 全副武装的土匪们突然袭击了村庄，偷走了村里的牛。

forbidding
forbidding［fə'bɪdɪŋ］
adj. 可怕的，令人难以亲近的，令人生畏的〈同　prohibitive, frightening〉
例　That deserted house looks forbidding on dark and stormy nights. 在黑沉沉的暴雨夜，那栋被废弃的房子看起来令人生畏。

forcibly
forcibly［'fɔ:səbəli］
adv. 强行地
解　made or done by force; using force
例　The foreign traveler complained that he had been forcibly held by the local police without good reason. 这名外国游客控诉称，他被当地警察在没有正当理由的情况下强行扣留。

ford
ford［fɔ:d］
n. 浅滩，水浅可涉处
例　Mary usually washed her clothes at the river's ford. 玛丽通常在河边的浅滩洗衣服。

forebear
forebear［'fɔ:beə(r)］
n. 祖先〈同　forefather, ancestor〉
例　His forebears were among the first people to arrive in America. 他的祖先是第一批抵达美洲的人之一。

forebear
forebear［'fɔbə(r)］
n. 祖先
解　a person from whom you are descended
例　Amanda did a genealogy study to find out who her forebears were. 阿曼达研究了家谱，想知道谁是她的祖先。

foreboding
foreboding［fɔ:'bəʊdɪŋ］
n. 不祥预感，预兆
解　an unfavorable omen
例　The knight had a foreboding that something bad would happen if he entered the dragon's lair. 骑士有一种不祥的预感：如果自己进入龙穴，就会有不好的事情发生。

forecast
forecast　［ˈfɔːkɑːst］
n. 预测；预报〈同 prediction〉
例 When asked if he thought we would win, the coach refused to make a forecast. 当教练被问及是否认为我们会赢时，他拒绝进行预测。
v. 预报；预测〈同 predict〉
例 The weatherman forecasts snow for tomorrow, so bring a warm jacket. 天气预报员预报明天有雪，所以带件暖和的外套吧。

forefront
forefront［'fɔ:frʌnt］
n. 最前沿〈同　cutting edge, front〉
例　Astronomy is the oldest science, but it continues to be at the forefront of scientific thought. 天文学是最古老的科学，但它仍将继续处在科学思想的最前沿。

foremost
foremost［'fɔ:məʊst］
adj. 最重要的；最先的〈同 primary, leading〉
例　Getting home safely was the lost hiker's foremost thought. 迷路的徒步旅行者的首要目的是平安到家。

forerunner
forerunner［'fɔ:rʌnə(r)］
n. 先驱，前身；预兆〈同　predecessor; herald〉
例　Autumn leaves are a forerunner of winter. 秋天的落叶是冬天来临的前兆。

foresee
foresee［fɔ:'si:］
vt. 预见，预知〈同 anticipate〉
例　We didn't take our bathing suits because we could foresee that the water would be too cold for us to swim. 我们没有带泳衣，因为我们预计水会很凉而不适合游泳。

foresee
foresee［fɔ:'si:］
v. 预见
解　to realize beforehand; to anticipate
例　Nostradamus claimed he could foresee the future and wrote a famous book of all his prophecies. 占卜者诺斯特罗达姆声称自己能预测未来，并写了一本很著名的书，将自己所有的预言都囊括在内。
同　foresight n. 预见，先见，深谋远虑

foreshadow
foreshadow［fɔ:'∫ædəʊ］
vt. 成为先兆，预示〈同　predict, foretell〉
例　The dark clouds foreshadowed a rainy day. 乌云预示着雨天的到来。

forestall
forestall［fɔ:'stɔ:l］
vt. 预防，预先阻止〈同　prevent, thwart〉
例　The tall fence forestalled the children from going to the house. 高高的栅栏可以防止孩子们进入那栋房子。

forestall
forestall［fɔ:'stɔ:l］
v. 预先阻止，先发制人
解　to prevent by taking action in advance
例　By setting up a prenuptial agreement, the prospective bride and groom hoped to forestall any potential arguments about money in the event of a divorce. 通过制定婚前协议，这对将要结婚的新人希望能够提前避免将来万一离婚可能带来的财产纠纷。
构　fore (=before) + stall (=to put)

foretell
foretell［fɔ:'tel］
v. 预示，预测〈同　predict, forecast〉
例　Seismology has not yet reached the stage that earthquakes can be foretold with a great deal of accuracy. 地震学尚未达到可以非常精确地预测地震的程度。

forgive
forgive　［fəˈɡɪv］
vt. 原谅，饶恕〈同 pardon〉
例 Can you ever forgive me for insulting you? I will never do it again. 你能原谅我对你的无礼吗？我再也不会那么做了。

formality
formality［fɔ:'mæləti］
n. 礼节，仪式；拘泥形式
解　something required by custom or rule; outward form; stiffness of manner, behavior, or arrangement
例　At a wedding there are many formalities. 婚礼上有许多仪式。

format
format　［ˈfɔːmæt］
n. 模式，格式〈同 structure, pattern〉
例 The format of Jack's essay was not what the teacher had asked for and so he got a zero for it. 杰克论文的格式不符合老师的要求，所以他得了零分。
联 formation n. 形成；编队

formation
formation［fɔ:'meɪ∫ən; (US)fɒr'meɪ∫ən］
n. 形成，构成〈同　configuration, pattern〉
例　That cloud formation looks like a person's head. 那朵云的形状看起来像是一个人头。

formation
formation［fɔ:'meɪʃən］
n. 编队，队形
解　an arrangement of people or things acting as a unit
例　The band marched in perfect parade formation. 乐队以完美的队形进场。

formative
formative［'fɔ:mətɪv］
adj. 形成中的，发展中的〈同　developmental〉
例　Home and school are the chief formative influences in a child's life. 在孩子的一生中，家和学校是影响其性格形成的主要因素。

former
former［'fɔ:mə(r)］
adj. 从前的，以前的〈同　previous, earlier〉
例　My former students still kept in touch with me through e-mail. 我之前的学生们仍通过电子邮件与我保持着联系。

formidable
formidable［fə'mɪdəbəl; 'fɔ:mɪdəbəl］
adj. 令人敬畏的，可怕的〈同 dreadful, forbidding〉
例　Cancer is a formidable disease, killing millions of people every year. 癌症是一种可怕的疾病，每年夺去数百万人的生命。

formula
formula　［ˈfɔːmjʊlə］
n. 公式；规则
例 We had to learn chemical formulae at school. 我们在学校里得学习化学公式。

formulate
formulate［'fɔ:mjʊleɪt］
vt. 系统地阐述（或提出）
例　The best way to formulate one's ideas is usually to write them down. 要想清楚地阐述自己的观点，最好的办法是把它们都写下来。

formulate
formulate［'fɔ:mjʊleɪt］
v. 明确表达
解　to express clearly and exactly
例　If I were called on to formulate one basic rule for successful living, it would be Aristotle's: know yourself! 如果要我明确说出成功生活的一项基本的规则，我觉得应该是亚里士多德的那句话：认识你自己！
同　formulation n. 公式化表达；陈述；reformulate v. 重新系统表达

fort
fort［fɔ:t］
n. 要塞 ，堡垒〈同 fortress〉
例　The soldiers hastily constructed a crude log fort. 战士们匆忙地建造了一座简易的木头堡垒。

forthcoming
forthcoming［fɔ:θ'kʌmɪŋ］
adj. 即将来临的〈同 approaching〉
例　The forthcoming year for Janet will be busy because she needs to find a new job. 来年珍妮特将会很忙，因为她需要重新找工作。

fortify
fortify［'fɔ:tɪfaɪ］
v. 加强
解　to make strong or stronger
例　The castle was fortified before it was attacked. 在遭到袭击前，城堡被加固了。
同　fortification n. 加强

fortitude
fortitude［'fɔ:tɪtju:d］
n. 坚强
解　courage in facing pain, danger, or trouble; firmness of spirit
例　The spy's fortitude kept him from revealing his country's secrets when he was captured and questioned. 这名间谍拥有坚强的意志，在他被捕获并遭受拷问时，都没有泄露自己国家的机密。

fortress
fortress［'fɔ:trəs］
n. 要塞；城堡〈同　fort〉
例　A citadel, a fortress designed for the defense of a city, usually stands on top of a hill. 一座堡垒，即为了保卫一座城市而设计的要塞，通常位于山顶上。

fortuitous
fortuitous［fɔ:'tju:ɪtəs; (US)-'tu:-］
adj. 偶然的，意外的〈同　serendipitous, accidental〉
例　After not seeing or contacting each other for ten years, their bumping into each other in the street was fortuitous. 他们有十年没见过面了，也没有任何联系，因此在大街上相遇纯属偶然。

forum
forum［'fɔ:rəm］
n. 论坛，讨论会〈同 meeting〉
例　The phone-in program provides a forum for the public to express their views on different topics. 热线电话直播节目提供了一个平台，让公众针对不同话题表达自己的观点。

fossil
fossil［'fɒsəl］
n. 化石；僵化的事物〈同 remnant〉
例　Fossils of ferns are found in coal. 煤炭里发现了蕨类植物的化石。

foster
foster［'fɒstə(r); (US)'fɔ:stər］
vt. ① 鼓励，促进〈同 encourage〉
例　The leader fostered the growth of small-scale industries. 领导鼓励小型企业的发展。
例　This orphanage fosters many children. 这家孤儿院收养了很多小孩。

foul
foul［faʊl］
adj. 污秽的，肮脏的〈同 disgusting〉
例　His muddy clothes smelled foul. 他那件沾满泥巴的衣服闻着很臭。

fountain
fountain　［ˈfaʊntən］
n. 泉水，喷泉
例 The fountain is lit with colorful lights at night. 到了晚上，喷泉便被五彩缤纷的灯光照亮了。

fraction
fraction　［ˈfrækʃən］
n. ① 小部分，少量〈同 segment〉
例 Tom Cruise is not the leading actor in this movie so you only see him for a fraction of the time. 汤姆•克鲁斯不是这部电影的主角，所以你会看到他在电影里只出现了很短的时间。
例 If you convert 0.25 into a fraction, you get 1/4. 如果将0.25换算成分数，就是1/4。

fractious
fractious［'frækʃəs］
adj. （脾气）易怒的，好争吵的
解　irritable, peevish
例　The headmaster warned the fractious student that if he caused any more trouble he would be expelled from school. 校长警告这名爱惹是生非的学生，如果他再制造麻烦，就将被开除。

fracture
fracture［'fræktʃə(r)］
n. 骨折；破裂〈同 fragment〉
例　He did not think that he had broken his arm, but the X-rays revealed a slight fracture. 他不觉得胳膊断了，但是X光片显示有轻微骨折。
vt. 使破裂，断裂〈同 break〉
例　The rock fractured under the tremendous pressure. 石头在受到重压之后裂了。

fracture
fracture［'fræktʃə(r)］
v. （使）破碎；骨折 n. ① 骨折；折断 ② 裂口
解　v. to break; to crack n. ① a breaking of a bone or cartilage ② breaking
例　The doctor told him that his arm hurt so much because it had suffered a bone fracture and he would need to wear a cast for two months. 医生告诉他，他的胳膊骨折了，伤得非常严重，需要打两个月的石膏。

fragile
fragile［'fræʤaɪl; (US)'fræʤɪl］
adj. 易碎的，脆的；脆弱的〈同 brittle, delicate〉
例　That dish is fragile, so be careful. 那个盘子容易碎，小心点。

fragment
fragment　［ˈfræɡmənt］
n. 碎片，破片〈同 piece〉
例 The glass fell on the floor and broke into fragments. 那块玻璃掉在地板上，摔成了碎片。
记 frag（=fract 断裂）+ ment（名词后缀）→裂成碎片→碎片
联 fragmentary adj. 零碎的，不完整的

fragrant
fragrant［'freɪgrənt］
adj. 香的，芬芳的〈同 aromatic〉
例　In the park, Anne bent over to smell the fragrant rosebuds. 在公园里，安妮俯下身来闻玫瑰花蕾的芳香。

fraud
fraud［frɔ:d］
n. 欺骗；骗子〈同 deceit〉
例　The politician's conviction for tax fraud jeopardized his future in public life. 这个政客的税务欺诈罪名成立，这影响了他未来在公众生活中的形象。

fray
fray［freɪ］
vi. 磨损，磨破〈同　wear out, rub〉
例　My shoelaces frayed after months of use. 用了几个月之后，我的鞋带磨烂了。
n. 吵架或打架，冲突〈同　quarrel, brawl〉
例　Everyone involved in the fray was caught by the police. 参与打架的所有人都被警方逮捕了。

freight
freight　［freɪt］
n. 货物；货运〈同 cargo〉
例 The company is responsible to send the freight to you by truck. 公司负责用卡车把货物运送给你。
vt. 装货；运送〈同 load, carry〉
例 Grapes from this region are freighted all over the world. 这个地区出产的葡萄被运送到世界各地。
联 freighter n. 货车

frenetic
frenetic［frə'netɪk］
adj. 狂乱的，发狂的〈同　crazy, wild〉
例　As he was preparing for his exams, he became more and more frenetic. 他在准备考试的过程中，变得越来越烦躁。

frenzy
frenzy［'frenzi］
n. 狂暴；狂怒〈同　rage, madness〉
例　In a frenzy, the teenager overturned every drawer while searching for the car keys. 陷入狂乱的少年，打翻了所有抽屉来寻找车钥匙。

fresco
fresco［'freskəʊ］
n. 壁画
例　Beautiful frescoes covered the walls and ceiling of the cathedral. 大教堂的墙壁和天花板上覆盖着美丽的壁画。

freshly
freshly［'fre∫li］
adv. 新近，最近〈同　recently〉
例　The freshly baked bread is delectable. 新鲜出炉的面包非常美味。

friction
friction　［ˈfrɪkʃən］
n. ① 摩擦〈同 rub〉
例 The wheel has been worn smooth due to friction. 由于摩擦，车轮已经被磨平了。
例 At this time when harmony is essential, we cannot afford to have any friction in our group. 这个时候，和谐才是最重要的，因此我们小组再也不能产生任何冲突了。
联 fricative adj. 由摩擦而产生的；摩擦音的

frigid
frigid［'frɪʤɪd］
adj. ① 寒冷的〈同 icy〉
例　People in Harbin enjoy swimming in the frigid water in winter. 哈尔滨人喜欢冬天在冰冷刺骨的水里游泳。
例　He received a frigid greeting from the man he had insulted. 那个曾经被他辱骂过的人给了他一个冷冰冰的问候。

fringe
fringe［frɪnʤ］
n. 边缘；边界〈同 border, margin〉
例　The spaceship traveled to the outer fringe of the solar system. 宇宙飞船飞抵太阳系边缘。

frivolity
frivolity［frɪ'vɒləti］
n. 轻浮〈同　flippancy〉
例　The frivolity of the girl gave the teacher a bad impression. 那个女孩的轻浮给老师留下了非常差的印象。

frontier
frontier［'frʌntɪə(r); (US)frʌn'tɪər］
n. 国境，边境〈同 boundary〉
例　Lewis and Clark led an expedition that explored America's frontier. 刘易斯和克拉克率领一支勘查过美国边境的探险队。

frontier
frontier［'frʌntɪə(r)］
n. 边疆
解　an international boundary or the area along such a boundary
例　The frontier between the United States and Canada is not fortified. 美国和加拿大之间的边界没有修建防御工事。

frost
frost　［frɒst］
n. 霜；霜冻〈同 ice crystal〉
例 Matt had to clean the frost off his car windows before he could drive. 马特开车之前要先把车窗上的霜清除掉。
vi. 结霜；结冰〈同 ice〉
例 The windscreen of my car frosts over during the night. 在夜间，我的汽车挡风玻璃结冰了。
联 defrost vt. 使…解冻，将…除霜；vi.（冰、霜）解冻

frown
frown　［fraʊn］
vi. 皱眉；不赞成，反对〈同 scowl; disapprove〉
例 Smoking is frowned upon in many restaurants. 许多餐厅不允许吸烟。

frugal
frugal［'fru:gəl］
adj. 节约的，节俭的〈同　sparing, thrifty〉
例　My parents are frugal; they buy and use carefully only what they need. 我的父母非常节俭；他们只购买需要的东西，并且会小心使用。

frustrate
frustrate　［frʌˈstreɪt; (US)ˈfrʌstreɪt］
v. ① 挫败，破坏〈同 disconcert〉
例 The warden frustrated the prisoners' attempt to escape by adding more guards. 监狱长增加了更多守卫，让囚犯们越狱的图谋落空了。
例 What frustrated her was that she did not get a high score on the final test. 令她沮丧的是自己在最终测试没得到高分。
联 frustration n. 挫败，挫折；frustrating adj. 令人沮丧的

fuel
fuel　［fjuːəl］
n. 燃料
例 The scientist predicted America would run out of fuel within 20 years. 这位科学家预测，美国将在20年内耗尽燃料。
v. 加燃料；激起
例 Quit arguing with Bao! You'll only fuel his anger. 别跟包争论了！你这样只会让他更加愤怒。

fulfill
fulfill［fʊl'fɪl］
vt. 履行，实现；使满足〈同 satisfy〉
例　She has to take only one more course to fulfill her graduation requirements. 她再学习一门课程就能达到毕业要求了。

full-bodied
full-bodied［ˌfʊl'bɒdɪd］
adj. （味道等）浓郁而强烈的
解　marked by richness and fullness of flavor
例　People enjoyed the Italian restaurant because of the full-bodied wine it served with the meals. 人们之所以喜欢这家意大利餐厅，是因为它提供用来佐餐的味道醇厚的葡萄酒。

functional
functional　［ˈfʌŋkʃənəl］
adj. 功能的；有用的〈同 useful〉
例 My bike is not luxurious, but it is still functional. 我的自行车不算高级，但功能依然完好。
联 multifunctional adj. 多功能的；functioning n. 运转，操作

functional
functional［'fʌŋkʃənəl］
adj. ① 实用的 ② 有功能的；在起作用的
解　① practical ② having a function; working
例　The functional wings of an insect are those used for flying. 昆虫翅膀的功能是飞翔。

functionary
functionary［'fʌŋkʃənəri］
n. 公务员；小职员
解　official
例　The functionary at the reception was responsible for making sure guests had tickets. 接待处的职员负责对来宾进行检票。

fundamental
fundamental　［ˌfʌndəˈmentəl］
adj. 基础的，基本的〈同 basic〉
例 The refugees were too poor to meet their fundamental needs for life. 这些难民太穷了，甚至连自己生活的基本需求都无法满足。

funeral
funeral　［ˈfjuːnərəl］
n. 葬礼；出殡行列
例 Hundreds of people attended the senator's funeral. 数百人参加了这个议员的葬礼。

furious
furious［'fjʊərɪəs］
adj. 狂怒的；狂暴的〈同 angry, violent〉
例　He is furious over the theft of his wallet. 他的钱包被偷了，这让他感到十分恼火。

furnish
furnish　［ˈfɜːnɪʃ］
vt. 装备；提供〈同 provide〉
例 The travel agency furnished me with the information that I needed for my trip. 旅行社为我提供了旅行必需的信息。
联 furnishing n. 供应；家具，(室内）陈设品；furniture n. 家具

furry
furry［'fɜ:ri］
adj. 毛皮的；盖着毛皮的〈同　hairy〉
例　Australian koalas are furry, gray animals that live in eucalyptus trees and feed on the leaves. 澳大利亚的考拉是一种住在桉树上、以桉树叶为食物的毛茸茸的灰色动物。

further
further［'fɜ:ðə(r)］
vt. 促进，增进〈同 advance〉
例　She hoped that taking night classes would further her career. 她希望读夜校能进一步发展她的事业。
adj. 更多的，另外的〈同 additional, extra〉
例　Have you received any further news about the accident? 关于这场事故，你有更多新的消息吗？

fuse
fuse［fju:z］
v. 熔合〈同 combine〉
例　The chemist fused two metals together to create a new alloy. 化学家把两种金属熔合，形成了新的合金。

fuss
fuss［fʌs］
n. 忙乱；大惊小怪
例　The grumpy old man always made a big fuss out of nothing. 那位性情乖戾的老人总是没有缘由地大发脾气。

galaxy
galaxy［'gæləksi］
n. 星系；银河
例　We live in a huge galaxy called the Milky Way. 我们生活在一个叫银河系的巨大星系中。

gallantry
gallantry［'gæləntri］
n. 勇敢〈同　bravery〉
例　He was awarded a medal for gallantry in action. 他因为行动中的勇敢行为而荣获一枚奖章。

gallop
gallop［'gæləp］
n./v.（马）急驰〈同　run〉
例　They rode across the field at a gallop. 他们骑着马飞快地穿过田野。

galvanize
galvanize［'gælvənaɪz］
vt. 通电流于；刺激，激起〈同　stimulate, invigorate〉
例　Management's refusal to bargain galvanized the workers to strike. 管理层拒绝通过协商解决，这刺激了工人们举行罢工。

gamble
gamble［'gæmbəl］
n./v. 冒险，赌博，投机〈同 bet〉
例　Don't gamble what you can't afford to lose. 别拿你输不起的东西当赌注。

gang
gang　［ɡæŋ］
n. 队；一帮（罪犯）〈同 group〉
例 After work, John went bowling with a gang of friends. 下班后，约翰与一群朋友去打保龄球。

garb
garb［gɑ:b］
n. 服装，装束〈同　costume, uniform〉
例　A surgeon must wear his or her surgical garb before entering the operating room. 外科医生在进入手术室之前，必须穿上手术服。

garbage
garbage［'gɑ:bɪʤ］
n. 垃圾，废物〈同 trash, waste〉
例　I forgot to put the garbage out for collection this morning. 我早上忘记把垃圾拿出去扔到垃圾收集站了。

garment
garment［'gɑ:mənt］
n. 衣服，外衣〈同 apparel, clothing〉
例　She hung her garments in the closet. 她把她的衣服挂在了衣橱里。

gasp
gasp［'gɑ:sp; (US)gæsp］
vi. 气喘，急促地喘气
例　The hiker gasped for air as she reached the destination. 当那位徒步旅行者到达目的地时，她大口喘着气。

gauge
gauge　［ɡeɪʤ］
vt. 测量，计量；评价〈同 measure〉
例 I could not gauge how many miles the town was from the farm. 我无法测无法量出这个小镇距离农场有多少英里。
n. 量规，量表；测量仪器
例 The gauge showed that the steam temperature was normal. 仪表显示，蒸示蒸汽温度正常。

gay
gay［geɪ］
adj. ①快乐的〈同　happy, joyous〉
例　Everyone at the party was in a gay mood. 聚会上的所有人都心情愉悦。
例　The painter used gay colors to brighten up the reception area. 油漆匠使用明快的颜色使接待区更加明亮。

gaze
gaze［geɪz］
vi. 盯，凝视〈同 stare〉
例　The child gazed at the magician to see what would happen. 小孩盯着魔术师，想看看将会发生什么事。

gazette
gazette［gə'zet］
n. 政府的公报〈同　periodical〉
例　He read the gazettes regularly for the announcement of his promotion. 他经常查看公报，寻找自己获得晋升的公告。

gear
gear　［ɡɪə(r)］
n. 齿轮，传动装置
例 Gears serve to transfer power and change the direction of rotation. 传动装置的作用是传送动力和改变旋转方向。
v. 使适合，使一致
例 In time of war, the country's economy must be geared to wartime requirements. 在战争时期，国家的经济必须加以调整以适应战时需要。

gem
gem［ʤem］
n. 宝石，珠宝〈同　precious stone, jewel〉
例　The gems in this ring are rubies. 这枚戒指上的宝石是红宝石。

genealogy
genealogy［ˌʤi:nɪ'æləʤi］
n. 家谱；族谱学
解　successive generations of kin
例　The family owned a book that recorded the genealogy of their ancestry. 这个家庭有一本记载祖先家谱的小册子。

generality
generality［ˌʤenə'ræləti］
n. 概说；大多数；大部分
解　a general or vague statement; the greater portion or number; the majority
例　Politicians are known to give generalities instead of specific responses when answering difficult questions from reporters. 众所周知，在回答记者们提出的刁难问题时，政治家通常会笼统作答，而不会给出确切的答案。

generalization
generalization［ˌʤenərəlaɪ'zeɪʃən］
n. 概括
解　a general idea, statement, principle, or rule
例　That all Americans have blonde hair and blue eyes is a rampant generalization. 人们通常将所有美国人的特征都泛泛归纳为金发碧眼。

generalize
generalize［'ʤenərəlaɪz］
v. 归纳，概括〈同 infer, deduce〉
例　He generalized from the president's speech that the nation is not going to be involved in the war. 他从总统的演讲中推断出国家不会卷入战争。

generate
generate　［ˈʤenəreɪt］
vt. 造成；产生〈同 make happen; produce〉
例 The power of moving water can be used to generate electricity. 流水的力量可以用于发电。
记 gener（产生）+ate→产生
联 generative adj. 有生殖力的；regenerate adj. 新生的 v.（使）再生

generation
generation［ˌʤenə'reɪʃən］
n. ① 产生，发生 ② 一代，一代人
解　① bringing into being; generating ② all the people born about the same time
例　This heirloom has been passed down from mother to daughter for over ten generations. 这件传家宝从母亲传到女儿，整整传了十几代人。

generator
generator［'ʤenəreɪtə(r)］
n. 发电机
解　a machine that changes mechanical energy into electrical energy and produces either direct or alternating current
例　Our family bought a power generator for our house so that when a rainstorm cuts off our electricity next time, we can go along as though nothing had happened. 我们家买了一台发电机，这样当下次因风暴而断电的时候，我们就可以照常生活，不受任何影响。
近　progenitor n. 祖先，始祖

generic
generic［ʤɪ'nerɪk］
adj. 种类的，类属的
解　shared by or including a whole group or class
例　Generic products tend to be much cheaper than brand name products. 非专利产品往往比品牌产品便宜得多。

generous
generous　［ˈʤenərəs］
adj. 慷慨的；富饶的；大量的〈同 magnanimous〉
例 Not everyone looking for gold in those days was greedy—some people were generous and helpful. 在当时，并非所有淘金的人都是贪婪的——有些人就非常慷慨和乐于助人。
记 gener（出生，产生）+ous→(不断）产生→大量的
联 generosity n. 慷慨；generously adv. 大方地，丰富地

genesis
genesis［'ʤenəsɪs］
n. 起源，产生〈同　origin, beginning〉
例　The question of the origin of the Moon is interesting as a part of the larger genesis of the Earth and the solar system. 作为更大范围的地球与太阳系起源的一部分，月亮的起源问题非常有趣。

genetic
genetic［ʤə'netɪk］
adj. 遗传的，起源的〈同 hereditary〉
例　His heart problems are a result of his genetic code; his father also had heart problems. 他的心脏病是遗传的，他的父亲也有心脏病。

genetics
genetics［ʤɪ'netɪks］
n. 遗传学
解　the branch of biology that studies heredity and variation in organisms
例　The Human Genome Project is a world-scale research project among leading scientists to decipher the genetics of humans. 这个人类基因组项目是一个世界级的研究项目，汇集了一批顶尖的科学家来破译人类的基因密码。
同　genealogy n. 家谱，血统；族谱学；geneticist n. 遗传学家

genial
genial［'ʤi:nɪəl］
adj. 和蔼可亲的〈同　friendly, cordial〉
例　I was greeted at the store entrance by a genial employee. 在商店门口，一位和善的员工接待了我。

genial
genial［'ʤi:niəl］
adj. 和蔼的，愉快的，脾气好的
解　cheerful, friendly, and good-tempered
例　It is easier to get along with genial people than rude people. 与友好的人相处要比与粗鲁的人相处简单得多。
同　geniality n. 和蔼，温和

genius
genius［'ʤi:njəs］
n. 天才；天赋〈同 talent, gift〉
例　Important discoveries are usually made by men and women of genius. 天才往往会有重大发现。

genre
genre［'ʒɑnrə］
n. 文学上的流派和体裁〈同　style, type〉
例　The music he played on his guitar was very strange and must have represented a whole new genre. 他用吉他演奏的音乐非常奇怪，肯定代表了一种全新的流派。

gentility
gentility［ʤen'tɪləti］
n. 有教养，文雅〈同　politeness, refinement〉
例　Her family was proud of its gentility and elegance. 她的家庭以其教养和优雅而引以为豪。

gentle
gentle　［ˈʤentəl］
adj. 温和的；文雅的〈同 moderate；kind〉
例 The little girl was very gentle when she played with the baby kitten. 那个小女孩在与小猫玩的时候非常温柔。

genuine
genuine　［ˈʤenjuːɪn］
adj. 真正的，真实的；真诚的〈同 authentic〉
例 The suitcase was made of genuine leather. 这个手提箱是用真皮制成的。
记 genu（产生）+ine→产生的→来源真实的→真正的

geometry
geometry　［ʤɪˈɒmətri］
n. 几何学
例 Geometry demands lots of reasoning. 几何学需要大量的推理。
联 geometric adj. 几何的；几何学的

germ
germ　［ʤɜːm］
n. 细菌〈同 bacteria〉
例 Germs collect on surfaces that people have touched. 细菌聚集在人们触摸过的物体的表面。

gerontocracy
gerontocracy［ˌʤerən'tɒkrəsi］
n. 老人统治
解　government by old people
例　Many native American tribes were governed under gerontocracies. 许多印第安人部落由老人统治。

gesture
gesture　［ˈʤestʃə(r)］
n. 姿态，手势；表示
例 With a gesture of his hand, the waiter indicated where I should sit. 服务生做了一个手势，示意我应该坐在哪里。

giant
giant［'ʤaɪənt］
adj. 庞大的，巨大的〈同 enormous〉
例　This huge project cost a giant amount of money. 这个庞大的项目开支数额巨大。

gibe
gibe［ʤaɪb］
v. 嘲弄，讥笑〈同　deride, mock〉
例　One should not gibe the poor. 任何人都不应该嘲笑穷人。

gifted
gifted［'gɪftɪd］
adj. 有天赋的〈同 talented〉
例　Gifted children need special teaching. 有天赋的孩子需要特殊教育。

gigantic
gigantic［ʤaɪ'gæntɪk］
adj. 巨大的〈同 mammoth, huge〉
例　An elephant is a gigantic animal. 大象是一种庞大的动物。

girder
girder［'gɜ:də(r)］
n.（钢架结构的）大梁
例　The mouse walked on the girder and crossed the room unnoticed. 老鼠从房梁上走过去，悄悄穿过了房间。

glacial
glacial［'gleɪ∫əl］
adj. 冰的；冰河的；冰冷的
例　His glacial stare frightened the other patients. 他冷漠注视的眼神吓坏了其他患者。

glamorous
glamorous［'glæmərəs］
adj. 迷人的，富有魅力的〈同　attractive, charming〉
例　Marilyn Monroe was a glamorous movie star that typified American beauty. 玛丽莲·梦露是一位迷人的电影明星，是典型的美国美人。

glamorous
glamorous［'ɡlæmərəs］
adj. 富有魅力的，迷人的
解　full of glamor; fascinating
例　She thought becoming a fashion model would be glamorous. 她觉得成为一名时尚模特会很迷人。

glance
glance［glɑ:ns; (US)glæns］
n. /v. 掠过，匆匆一看〈同 glimpse〉
例　Tom took one glance at the wretched animal and turned away. 汤姆瞟了一眼那只可怜的动物，随即离开了。

glare
glare［gleə(r)］
n. 炫目的光〈同 light, brightness〉
例　Sunglasses will eliminate the glare. 太阳镜能减少（射入眼睛的）强光。
v. 闪耀〈同 flare〉
例　The headlights of the truck glared, illuminating the street. 卡车刺眼的前灯照亮了街道。

glassware
glassware［'glɑ:sweə(r)］
n. 玻璃制品
例　When the cabinet fell, all the glassware broke and they had to drink from plastic cups. 橱柜摔倒的时候，所有玻璃器皿都摔碎了，他们不得不用塑料杯喝水。

glaze
glaze［gleɪz］
vt. 装玻璃；上釉于，使表面光滑
例　Pieces of glass cut to the right size are used to glaze windows and picture frames. 切割成适当尺寸的玻璃被装在窗户和画框上。

gleam
gleam［gli:m］
n. 微弱的闪光，一丝光线〈同 glimmer〉
例　A gleam of light shone through the prison window. 一缕微光从监狱的窗户照射进来。

glean
glean［gli:n］
v. 逐渐搜集；拾〈同　gather, collect; pick up〉
例　The journalist gleans her information from many sources. 那名记者从许多来源收集信息。

glide
glide［glaɪd］
vi. 滑动，滑行〈同 slide〉
例　The plane glided to a safe landing after its engines failed. 飞机引擎出故障之后，飞机靠滑翔下降并安全着陆。

glimpse
glimpse　［glɪmps］
n. 一瞥，一看〈同 glance〉
例 I caught a glimpse of the murderer before he jumped out of the running train. 就在杀人凶手跳出疾驰的火车之前，我瞥见了他。
v. 瞥见，看一眼〈同 catch sight of〉
例 He glimpsed himself in the looking-glass. 他朝镜子里看了自己一眼。

glitter
glitter［'glɪtə(r)］
vi. 闪闪发光，闪烁〈同 sparkle〉
例　From the top of the hill we could see city lights glittering below. 从山顶往下看，我们能看见城市的灯光闪闪发亮。

global
global［'gləʊbəl］
adj. 全球性的〈同 worldwide〉
例　The energy problem, far from being limited to the United States, is truly global. 能源危机不仅是美国更是全球都面临的问题。

gloomy
gloomy［'glu:mi］
adj. 黑暗的；阴沉的，使人沮丧或恐惧的〈同 dark, dim〉
例　She has been in a gloomy mood since she lost the contest. 自从竞赛失败之后，她情绪一直很低落。

glorify
glorify［'glɔ:rɪfaɪ］
vt. 美化，赞扬〈同 exalt, beautify〉
例　It's not a good idea to glorify money above all else. 赞美金钱至高无上并不是一个好主意。

glorious
glorious　［ˈɡlɔːrɪəs］
adj. 光荣的；壮丽的；极好的〈同 beautiful；splendid〉
例 Since it is such a glorious day, let's go to the beach to take a walk. 既然今天天气这么好，我们去沙滩散散步吧。
记 来自名词glory（光荣）
联 glory n. 光荣；glorify vt. 使光荣；赞美

glossy
glossy［'glɒsi］
adj. 平滑的，有光泽的〈同　shiny, polished〉
例　The windows looked glossy after they were cleaned. 窗户被擦干净之后，看起来亮晶晶的。

glue
glue　［ɡluː］
n. 胶；胶水〈同 adhesive〉
例 Jimmy pulled off the dried glue that was stuck to his fingers. 吉米撕下粘在手指上的已经干了的胶水。
vt. 粘贴；黏合〈同 stick〉
例 Anne glued the pieces of the broken vase back together. 安妮把那些花瓶的碎片重新粘在了一起。

gnaw
gnaw［nɔ:］
v. 咬，啃〈同　nibble, bite〉
例　A mouse gnawed the cover of this box. 一只老鼠咬破了这个盒子的盖。

goal
goal　［ɡəʊl］
n. 目标〈同 objective〉
例 His goal is to receive his Ph.D. in electrical engineering. 他的目标是获得电气工程学专业的博士学位。

gorgeous
gorgeous［'gɔ:ʤəs］
adj. 绚丽的；灿烂的〈同 beautiful, magnificent〉
例　A gorgeous model won the beauty contest. 一个魅力十足的模特赢得了选美比赛。

gossip
gossip［'gɒsɪp］
n. 社会新闻，小道传闻〈同 rumor〉
例　There was a lot of gossip in the village about their affair. 关于他们的风流韵事，村子里有很多传闻。

gourmet
gourmet［'gʊəmeɪ］
n. 美食家
例　The gourmet stated that this was the best onion soup he had ever tasted. 那位美食家称，这是他喝过的最美味的洋葱汤。

govern
govern［'gʌvən］
vt. 统治，管理；控制〈同 rule, control〉
例　The president governed the nation for eight years. 这位总统统治了这个国家八年。

grab
grab　［ɡræb］
vt. 攫取，抓住〈同 grasp〉
例 The poor boy grabbed his chance to become a millionaire. 那个穷小子抓住了成为百万富翁的机会。

grace
grace　［ɡreɪs］
n. 优美；风度〈同 elegance〉
例 We all admired the athletes' grace as they ran. 我们都很欣赏运动员在奔跑时的风采。
联 disgrace vt. 玷污；gracefully adv. 优雅地

graceful
graceful［'greɪsfʊl］
adj. 优雅的〈同　elegant〉
例　The ballet dancer was as graceful as a swan. 那位芭蕾舞演员就像天鹅一样优雅。

gracious
gracious［'greɪʃəs］
adj. 亲切的；高雅的〈同 kind〉
例　Her gracious manners were appreciated by the guests. 她优雅的举止深受客人赞赏。

gradual
gradual［'ɡrædjʊəl］
adj. 逐渐的
解　changing step by step; moving little by little
例　A child's growth into an adult is gradual. 从儿童到成人是一个逐渐变化的过程。

graft
graft［grɑ:ft; (US)græft］
v. 嫁接；移植〈同　transplant, implant〉
例　The surgeon grafted a new artery into the patient's heart. 那位外科医生往患者的心脏里移植了一根新动脉。

grand
grand　［ɡrænd］
adj. 壮观的，显赫的〈同 wonderful〉
例 We held a grand celebration for her success. 我们为她的成功举行了一场盛大的庆祝会。
联 grandeur n. 庄严；伟大

grandeur
grandeur［'ɡrænʤə(r)］
n. 宏伟壮丽，伟大
解　the quality of being magnificent or splendid or grand
例　The backpackers delighted in the grandeur of the wilderness. 背包客们喜欢旷野的壮丽景色。

grandiloquent
grandiloquent［ɡræn'dɪləkwənt］
adj. 夸张的，浮夸的
解　speaking in or characterized by a pompous style
例　The politician could never speak simply; she was always grandiloquent. 这个政客从来不会言简意赅地说话；她总是言语夸张，让人不明所以。
同　grandiloquence n. 夸大之辞

grandiloquent
grandiloquent［ɡræn'dɪləkwənt］
adj. 夸张的，浮夸的
解　speaking in or characterized by a pompous style
例　The politician could never speak simply; she was always grandiloquent. 这位政治家从来不会简单地说话，她总是言辞夸张。
同　grandiloquence n. 夸大之辞

grandiose
grandiose［'ɡrændɪəʊs］
adj. 宏伟的，浮夸的
解　impressive because of unnecessary largeness or grandeur
例　His grandiose words were always backed up with little action, which made people lose their faith in him. 他总是夸夸其谈而行动甚少，使得人们都对他失去了信任。
同　grandiosity n. 宏伟，浮夸

grant
grant　［ɡrɑːnt］
vt. 同意；准予；拨款〈同 give〉
例 The foundation granted $10,000 to the art project. 基金会给这个艺术项目拨款10,000美元。

graphic
graphic［'græfɪk］
adj. 绘画似的；图解的；生动的〈同　vivid〉
例　Her graphic description of the English countryside made me feel as though I had been there myself. 她对英国乡村的生动描述，让我有一种身临其境的感觉。

graphite
graphite［'græfaɪt］
n. 石墨
例　The lead pencil was made out of graphite. 铅笔是用石墨制成的。

grateful
grateful［'greɪtfʊl］
adj. 感激的，感谢的〈同 thankful〉
例　I am grateful for the help that you have given to me. 我十分感谢你给予我的帮助。

gratify
gratify［'ɡrætɪfaɪ］
v. 使高兴，使满足
解　to give pleasure or satisfaction to; to give what is desired; to please
例　The mother bought her crying son the robot toy in order to gratify him. 为了让哭闹的儿子高兴，妈妈给他买了个机器人玩具。
同　gratification n. 满足；喜悦

gratis
gratis［'ɡreɪtɪs］
adj. 免费的
解　free
例　Breakfast was gratis for hotel guests. 入住酒店的客人可以免费享用早餐。

gratitude
gratitude　［ˈɡrætɪtjuːd; (US)ˈgrætɪtuːd］
n. 感谢，感激〈同 thankfulness〉
例 My grandparents will always have my gratitude for sending me money while I was in college. 在我上大学期间，我祖父母经常给我寄钱，这让我一辈子都感激不尽。

gratitude
gratitude［'ɡrætɪtju:d］
n. 感激
解　kindly feeling because of a favor received; desire to do a favor in return; thankfulness
例　The guests expressed their gratitude to the host by bringing a bottle of wine to the party. 为了感谢主人的款待，客人们带了瓶酒来参加聚会。

gratuitous
gratuitous［ɡrə'tju(:)ɪtəs］
adj. ① 无缘无故的 ② 免费的
解　① without cause ② free
例　The opening ceremony offered gratuitous souvenirs for the visitors to take home with them. 开幕式为来宾提供免费的纪念品，他们可以带回去留作纪 念。

gratuity
gratuity［ɡrə'tju:əti］
n. 赏钱，小费
解　an award (as for meritorious service) given without claim or obligation
例　The restaurant automatically charged a 15% gratuity for a group of ten or more guests. 饭店对10人或10人以上的客人自动收取15%的小费。

gravitational
gravitational［ˌgrævɪ'teɪ∫ənəl］
adj. 地心吸力的，重力的
例　The Moon's gravitational pull causes the high and low tides. 月球的引力造成了涨潮和落潮。

gravity
gravity　［ˈgrævəti］
n. ① 地心引力
例 It's gravity that causes an apple to fall on your head when you are sitting under an apple tree. 当你坐在一棵苹果树下时，能使苹果掉在你头上的是地心引力。
例 We could tell we were in serious trouble from the gravity of her expression. 从她严肃的表情我们可以判断出，这次我们有大麻烦了。

graze
graze［greɪz］
v.（牲畜）吃草；放牧〈同 feed〉
例　Sheep graze in the meadows. 羊群在草地上吃草。

grease
grease［gri:s］
n. 油脂〈同 oil, fat〉
例　For any adhesive to make a really strong bond, the surfaces to be glued must be absolutely clean and free from moisture or grease. 对任何黏合剂来说，要想真正粘得结实，胶合面必须要干净，没有一点水或油脂。

greedy
greedy　［ˈɡriːdi］
adj. 贪婪的〈同 avaricious〉
例 George is a very greedy man. The more money you give him, the more he wants. 乔治是个非常贪婪的人。你给他的钱越多，他想要的就更多。

gregarious
gregarious［ɡrɪ'ɡərɪəs］
adj. ① 群居的 ② 爱社交的
解　① living in flocks, herds, or other group ② seeking and enjoying the company of others
例　The gregarious girl always seemed to have friends calling her. 这个爱社交的女孩似乎总有朋友打电话来找她。
同　gregariousness n. 喜爱社交，合群

grief
grief［gri:f］
n. 悲痛；不幸〈同 sorrow〉
例　The beggar's life was full of grief. 这个乞丐的生活充满了不幸。

grim
grim［grɪm］
adj. 严厉的；严峻的〈同 severe, harsh〉
例　My parents were grim when they heard about the broken window. 我的父母听说窗户被打破时生气了。

grin
grin［grɪn］
vi. 露齿笑，咧嘴笑〈同 smile broadly〉
例　She grinned at the chipmunk's antics. 花栗鼠做出的滑稽动作逗得她咧嘴大笑。

grind
grind　［ɡraɪnd］
vt. 磨碎，碾碎 〈同 crush〉
例 Because the diamond is the hardest naturally occurring substance, it is used in industry for cutting, grinding, and boring other hard materials. 由于钻石是天然生成的最坚硬的物质，因此在工业上常用来对其他坚硬材料进行切割、磨削和钻孔。

grip
grip　［ɡrɪp］
v. 紧握，紧抓〈同 grasp〉
例 I gripped the railings as l walked down the stairs. 我下楼梯的时候紧紧抓着栏杆。

groan
groan［grəʊn］
v. 呻吟；叹息〈同 moan〉
例　The wounded men groaned in agony as the stretcher-bearers tried to move them. 抬担架的人试着去挪动伤员时，伤员们发出了痛苦的呻吟。

grope
grope［grəʊp］
v. 摸索，探索〈同 probe〉
例　Tom groped around in the dark in order to find the light switch. 汤姆在黑暗中摸索着，想找到电灯的开关。

gross
gross［grəʊs］
adj. 总的；毛重的〈同 total, entire〉
例　Gross receipts are all the money taken in before costs are deducted. 总收入是指未扣除开支的所有收入。

guarantee
guarantee　［ˌɡærənˈtiː］
vt. 保证，担保〈同 assure〉
例 No one can guarantee that you will pass the exam if you don't work hard. 如果你不努力学习，谁也不敢保证你能通过考试。
联 guaranty n. 【律】保证，保证书；担保物

guardian
guardian［'gɑ:dɪən］
n. 保护人，监护人〈同 protector〉
例　Mary's stepmother was a terrible guardian. 玛丽的继母是一个很糟糕的监护人。

gulp
gulp［gʌlp］
n./v. 吞；吞咽〈同　swallow〉
例　My father gulped down a cup of coffee and went to work. 我爸爸大口喝下了一杯咖啡，然后就去工作了。

gush
gush［gʌ∫］
vi. 喷涌，涌流〈同　flow〉
例　Blood gushed out from his deep cut and we took him immediately to the hospital. 鲜血从他深深的伤口里喷涌而出，我们立刻把他送往医院。

gust
gust［gʌst］
n. 一阵强风〈同　blast, outburst〉
例　His hat was blown off by a sudden gust of wind. 突然刮来一阵狂风，把他的帽子吹掉了。

gymnastics
gymnastics　［ʤɪmˈnæstɪks］
n. 体操；体育
例 Olympic arenas have been built for swimming and gymnastics. 游泳和体操项目的奥运会场馆已经建好了。
联 gymnastic adj. 体操的；体育的；gymnasium n. 体育馆；健身房；gymnast n. 体操运动员

habitable
habitable［'hæbɪtəbəl］
adj. 可居住的
解　fit to live in; able to be inhabited
例　The distant planet's habitable lands raised inquiries about the presence of life forms. 这个遥远的星球存在可居住的土地，这激发起了人们对其上是否有生命形式存在的探询。

habitat
habitat［'hæbɪtæt］
n.（动、植物的）产地，栖息地〈同　environment, abode〉
例　The polar bear lives in a cold habitat, but has thick fur to stay warm. 北极熊生活在寒冷的环境中，但它们身上厚厚的毛可以保暖。

habitat
habitat［'hæbɪtæt］
n. （动植物的）生活环境，产地，栖息地
解　place where an animal or plant naturally lives or grows
例　The jungle is the habitat of monkeys. 丛林是猴子的栖息地。

habitual
habitual［hə'bɪtjʊəl］
adj. 习惯的〈同 customary〉
例　Janet can't start work in the morning without her habitual cup of coffee. 珍妮特如果早上没有习惯性地喝一杯咖啡的话，就无法开始工作。

habitual
habitual［hə'bɪtjʊəl］
adj. 习惯的，惯常的
解　done by habit; caused by habit; regular
例　He can't get started in the morning without his habitual cup of coffee. 早上不习惯性地喝一杯咖啡的话，他就没法开始工作。

habituate
habituate［hə'bɪtjueɪt］
vt. 使习惯于，使熟悉于
解　to make used; accustom
例　He never became habituated to American food and often cooked his own meals. 他一直没有习惯美国的饮食，总是自己下厨。

hail
hail［heɪl］
n. 冰雹
例　Hail ruined the farmer's wheat crop. 冰雹摧毁了农民种植的小麦。
vt. 向…致敬；向…欢呼；热情地承认〈同 salute, acclaim〉
例　The crowds hailed him as winner. 人群高呼他是胜利者。

hallmark
hallmark［'hɔ:lmɑ:k］
n. 标志，特征〈同　sign, feature〉
例　The hallmark of a sluggish economy is a drop in interest rates. 经济萧条的特征就是利率下跌。

hallmark
hallmark［'hɔ:lmɑ:k］
n. ① 纯度标记 ② 明显特征
解　① an official mark indicating standard of purity, put on gold or silver articles ② a distinctive characteristic or attribute
例　The five stars next to the hotel's name in the directory was a hallmark of excellence. 在商行名录里，酒店名称旁的五颗星是高品质的象征。

halt
halt　［hɔːlt; hɒlt］
n./vt.（使）停止〈同 stop〉
例 I was jolted out of my sleep by the sudden halt of the train. 火车突然停止，把我从睡梦中晃醒了。
联 halting adj. 犹豫的；蹒跚的；结结巴巴的

hamper
hamper［'hæmpə(r)］
vt. 妨碍，使困难〈同 impede, hinder〉
例　The project was hampered by a lack of funds. 项目由于缺少资金而受阻。

handcuff
handcuff［'hændkʌf］
n. 手铐
解　a metal loop that can be locked around the wrist, usually used in pairs
例　The policemen put handcuffs on the thief as soon as they caught him on the bus. 警察在公共汽车上逮捕了小偷后，立刻给他戴上了手铐。

handful
handful［'hændfʊl］
n. 一把；少数〈同　small number〉
例　Only a handful of football fans sat watching the game in the cold rain. 只有少数几名球迷坐在冷雨里观看足球比赛。

handicap
handicap［'hændɪkæp］
n. 残疾〈同 disadvantage〉
例　His stuttering was a handicap when meeting new people. 当他和新朋友交谈时，他的口吃成了一个障碍。
vt. 严重妨碍，削弱〈同 cripple, hinder〉
例　The noise of traffic outside the classroom may handicap the students' ability to focus on the lesson. 教室外面的交通噪音可能会影响学生们听课的注意力。

handily
handily［'hændɪli］
adv. 轻易地
解　in an easy manner
例　The prolific factory handily met and welcomed the increased market demands for more Christmas gifts. 这个工厂产量很高，很轻松地就满足了市场对圣诞礼物的大量需求，并希望越多越好。

handle
handle［'hændəl］
n. 把手，把柄 v. 处理
解　n. a part of a thing made to be held or grasped by the hand v. to deal with
例　Spoons, pitchers, hammers, and pails have handles. 调羹、水罐、锤子和提桶都有把手。

handshake
handshake［'hændʃeɪk］
n. 握手
解　act of clasping and shaking of each other's hands in friendship, agreement, greeting, etc.
例　A firm handshake with good eye contact is considered a prerequisite for the start of a good job interview. 有力的握手和良好的眼神交流是面试成功的先决条件。

handsome
handsome　［ˈhænsəm］
adj. ① 英俊的；美观的〈同 good-looking〉
例 The handsome actor got lots of attention from the audience. 那位帅气的演员得到了观众的许多关注。
例

handwriting
handwriting［'hændraɪtɪŋ］
n. 笔迹，书法
解　writing by hand; manner or style of writing
例　He recognized his mother's handwriting on the envelope. 他认出信封上的字是母亲所写。

handy
handy［'hændi］
adj. 便利的，容易取得的〈同　convenient, close〉
例　Keep your dictionaries handy as you write your compositions. 写作文的时候，要把词典放在手边。

haphazard
haphazard［hæp'hæzəd］
adj. 偶然的；随便的〈同　fortuitous; random〉
例　Her belongings were tossed around the room in a haphazard manner. 她的东西杂乱地散落在房间里。

haphazard
haphazard［hæp'hæzəd］
adj. ① 偶然的 ② 随便的
解　① dependent upon or characterized by chance ② random
例　His haphazard approach to study resulted in him missing many homework assignments. 他对待学习的随意态度导致他有很多家庭作业都没有完成。
构　hap (=chance) + hazard (=game of chance)

hapless
hapless［'hæpləs］
adj. 不幸的
解　unlucky
例　It was a hapless day for him; everything seemed to be going wrong. 今天对他来说是不幸的一天，好像什么事情都不顺利。

harbor
harbor　［ˈhɑːbə(r)］
n. 海港〈同 port〉
例

hardy
hardy［'hɑ:di］
adj. 能吃苦耐劳的；强壮的〈同　robust, sturdy〉
例　The hardy cattle survived the long journey on the trail. 那头健壮的牛在山间小径的漫长跋涉中存活了下来。

harmonize
harmonize［'hɑ:mənaɪz］
v.（使）协调，（使）和谐〈同　correspond, attune〉
例　The colors of her shoes and purse harmonized with her dress. 她的鞋子和钱包的颜色与裙子的颜色非常协调。

harmony
harmony　［ˈhɑːməni］
n. 协调，融洽〈同 coordination〉
例 Members of the choir blended their voices in perfect harmony. 合唱团的成员十分和谐地将他们的声音融合在一起。

harness
harness　［ˈhɑːnɪs］
vt. 利用（河流、瀑布等）产生动力；利用〈同 utilize〉
例 People have harnessed the sun's energy since ancient times. 从远古时代起，人类便一直在利用太阳的能量。

harsh
harsh　［hɑːʃ］
adj. ① 粗糙的；刺耳的，刻薄的〈同 coarse；acid〉
例 The sweater is not comfortable because the material is too harsh. 这件毛衣穿着不舒服，因为它的材料太粗糙了。
例 Dissenters were usually severely punished under the emperor's harsh rule. 在国王严酷的统治下，异见者们通常会受到严厉的惩罚。
联 harshness n. 严酷，恶劣

hasty
hasty［'heɪsti］
adj. 急急忙忙的，草率的〈同 quick〉
例　For a CEO, it's foolish to make hasty decisions. 对于一个CEO来说，草率地做决定是一件愚蠢的事。

hatch
hatch［hætʃ］
v. 孵化〈同 breed〉
例　The heat of the incubator helped hatch the chick. 孵化器的热量帮助孵化小鸡。

haul
haul［hɔ:l］
v. 拉，拖〈同 draw〉
例　Help me haul the hay bales into the barn. 帮我把这些干草捆拖到谷仓里。

haunt
haunt［hɔ:nt］
vt.（想法、回忆等）萦绕心头，困扰〈同 bother〉
例　The idea that he had forgotten to do something haunted Bod all day. 鲍勃总感觉自己忘记做什么事了，这种感觉困扰了他一整天。

haven
haven［'heɪvən］
n. 避难所，安全地〈同　refuge, shelter〉
例　Maine's abundant forests and rivers have made it a haven for many kinds of wildlife. 缅因州繁茂的森林和众多的河流，使其成为许多种野生动植物的天堂。

hazard
hazard　［ˈhæzəd］
n. 危险；危害物〈同 danger〉
例 A high incidence of lung disease is one of the known hazards of smoking. 肺病的高发病率是已知的吸烟的危害之一。
联 hazardous adj. 危险的，冒险的

heading
heading［'hedɪŋ］
n. ① 航向 ② 标题
解　① direction toward which an aircraft or ship is moving ② something written or printed at the top of a page or at the beginning of a chapter, topic, etc.
例　A letterhead and a chapter title are types of headings. 信笺的抬头和章节标题都是标题的不同形式。

headstrong
headstrong［'hedstrɒŋ; (US)-strɔ:ŋ］
adj. 不听命令的，顽固的，任性的
解　habitually disposed to disobedience and opposition
例　The headstrong woman insisted she was right. 这个顽固的女人坚持认为自己是对的。

heal
heal　［hiːl］
vt. 康复，治愈 vi. 愈合〈同 cure〉
例 The wound soon healed under the care of the nurse. 在护士的护理下，伤口很快便愈合了。
联 healing adj. 有治疗功用的

heap
heap　［hiːp］
n. 堆；大量，许多〈同 pile〉
例 Don't leave your dirty laundry in a heap in the middle of the floor! 别把你的脏衣服成堆地放在地板中间！
v. 堆积〈同 pile up〉
例 The miser heaped up great wealth. 那个守财奴积累了巨大的财富。

hearten
hearten［'hɑ:tən］
vt. 鼓励，激励
解　to cheer up; to encourage
例　This good news will hearten you. 这个好消息会使你振作起来。

heartfelt
heartfelt［'hɑ:tfelt］
adj. 衷心的
解　very sincere
例　He expressed his heartfelt sympathy to her for the death of her father. 她的父亲去世了，他对她表达了深切的慰问。

heartiness
heartiness［'hɑ:tinəs］
n. 热诚，诚挚
解　the quality of hearty sincerity
例　The owners of the little inn always provided service to their guests with heartiness. 这家小旅馆的主人总是热心地为客人提供服务。

hearty
hearty［'hɑ:ti］
adj. 衷心的，亲切的，热诚的〈同　warm and friendly; sincere〉
例　We gave our old friends a hearty welcome. 我们热情欢迎我们的老朋友。

heave
heave［hi:v］
v. 举起〈同 raise〉
例　Laborers heaved the crate onto the truck. 工人把板条箱抬到了卡车上。

heavenly
heavenly［'hevənli］
adj. 如天堂的，神圣的；天空的，天上的〈同　celestial〉
例　People have always wondered if life exists on other heavenly bodies. 人们总是在想，其他天体上是否有生命存在。

hedge
hedge［heʤ］
n. ①树篱；障碍物〈同　boundary, fence〉
例　We couldn't look into the garden due to the high hedges. 由于有高高的篱笆，我们看不到花园里面。
例　Health insurance acts as a hedge against unexpected medical expenses. 健康保险可以作为对冲意外医疗费用的措施。

heed
heed［hi:d］
n./v. 注意，留意〈同　attention; pay attention to〉
例　The teacher paid little heed to those students who are often reticent. 老师很少注意那些沉默寡言的学生。

heighten
heighten［'haɪtən］
vt. 提高，升高；加深〈同 enhance, hoist〉
例　As protection, they heightened the city walls by a further three feet. 作为防御措施，他们把城墙又加高了三英尺。

heir
heir［eə(r)］
n. 继承人，后嗣〈同 inheritor〉
例　The monarch died before he could name an heir to the throne. 君主还没任命皇位继承者就去世了。

hell
hell［hel］
n. 地狱
例　He often shouted at her and hit her, making her life an absolute hell on Earth. 他经常呵斥她、打骂她，让她就像生活在人间地狱一般。

helpless
helpless［'helpləs］
adj. 无助的，无依靠的〈同　unable, weak〉
例　Without his eye glasses or contacts, Kenny was as helpless as a blind man. 如果不戴眼镜或隐形眼镜，肯尼就像盲人一样无助。

hem
hem［hem］
n.（衣服或裙子的）褶边，边缘〈同　border, edge〉
例　If the skirt is too long, the store can sew a hem. 如果裙子太长了，商店可以帮忙缝裙边。

hemisphere
hemisphere［'hemɪsfɪə(r)］
n. 半球；大脑半球〈同 half〉
例　The eastern hemisphere is the half of the world that includes part of Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. 东半球是指包括部分欧洲、亚洲、非洲和澳洲的那一半地球。

hemophilia
hemophilia［ˌhi:mə'fɪlɪə］
n. 血友病
解　congenital tendency to uncontrolled bleeding
例　After being diagnosed with hemophilia, he had to be careful not to get cut or he could bleed to death. 在被确诊为血友病之后，他必须小心翼翼地避免被割伤，否则他会流血不止而死亡。
近　hemorrhage n. 【医】出血

herald
herald［'herəld］
vt. 宣布…的消息；预示…的来临〈同　announce, proclaim〉
例　The government heralded that the states are to comply with federal legislation. 政府通报称，各州必须遵守联邦法律。

herd
herd［hɜ:d］
n. 兽群；人群〈同　flock, crowd〉
例　Herds of people came to take a picture of the celebrity. 成群的人前来给那位名人拍照。
vt. 把…赶在一起放牧；成群，群集
例　A woman was herding the goats on the mountainside. 一个女人正在山腰上放羊。

heredity
heredity［hɪ'redəti］
n. 遗传〈同　inheritance〉
例　The aging process is not entirely determined by heredity, but is influenced by different environmental and social circumstances as well. 老化的过程并非完全由遗传决定，而是也受到不同环境与社会条件的影响。

heritage
heritage［'herɪtɪʤ］
n. 遗产，继承物；传统〈同 legacy, tradition〉
例　The government must spend more money on preserving our national heritage. 政府必须增加对保护国家遗产方面的支出。

heroism
heroism［'herəʊɪzəm］
n. 英雄品质，英勇〈同　bravery, valor〉
例　In an act of heroism, he saved the woman from the burning building. 他以一种英雄的行为，把那个女人从着火的大楼中救了出来。

heterogeneous
heterogeneous［ˌhetərə'ʤi:nɪəs］
adj. 异类的，不同的〈同　miscellaneous, different〉
例　People of all races made a heterogeneous group at the conference. 不同种族的人们在大会上形成了一个异质群体。

heyday
heyday［'heɪdeɪ］
n. 全盛期〈同　golden age, climax〉
例　The film industry as a whole is now less than a third as big as it was in its heyday in the early 1990's. 目前整个电影行业的规模不足上世纪90年代初其全盛时期的三分之一。

hibernate
hibernate［'haɪbəneɪt］
vi. 冬眠〈同　be dormant〉
例　Bears usually hibernate during the winter. 熊通常在冬季冬眠。

hierarchy
hierarchy［'haɪərɑ:ki］
n. 阶层，等级制度〈同 class, order〉
例　The military has a rigid hierarchy with numerous ranks. 军队里有严格的等级制度，军衔也有很多种。

hierarchy
hierarchy［'haɪərɑ:ki］
n. ① 阶层；等级制度 ② 层次
解　① categorization of a group of people according to ability or status ② a series in which each element is graded or ranked
例　The church hierarchy includes archbishops, bishops and priests. 教会的等级包括大主教、主教和神父。
近　hieroglyph n. 象形文字，图画文字

highlight
highlight［'haɪlaɪt］
vt. 使显著，使突出〈同 emphasize〉
例　The editor highlighted the mistakes in the manuscript in red ink. 编辑把手稿中错误的部分用红笔标了出来。
n. 最显著或重要的部分〈同 focal point〉
例　The highlight of our trip to New York was going to the top of the Empire State Building. 我们这次纽约之行的高潮就是登顶帝国大厦。

hike
hike［haɪk］
vi. 远足，徒步旅行〈同　travel, walk〉
例　We're going to hike in the lake district next weekend. 下周末，我们将去湖区远足。
n. 徒步旅行〈同　walk, trip〉
例　People go on hikes for pleasure and for exercise. 人们进行徒步旅行，一方面是为了消遣，另一方面也是为了锻炼身体。

hilly
hilly［'hɪli］
adj. 多小山的，多坡的〈同　mountainous〉
例　Chongqing is a hilly city. 重庆是一个山城。

hinder
hinder［'hɪndə(r)］
vt. 阻碍，妨碍〈同 stunt, inhibit〉
例　The tall fence hindered the children from going near the house. 高高的栅栏使孩子们无法靠近这座房子。

hinge
hinge［hɪnʤ］
n.（门等的）铰链，枢纽
例　The door squeaks because the hinges need oil. 门吱吱响，因为铰链缺油。

hint
hint　［hɪnt］
n. 提示，线索〈同 clue〉
例 Mary gave Bill a hint about his birthday present to let him guess. 关于比尔的生日礼物，玛丽给了他一个线索让他猜。

hinterland
hinterland［'hɪntəlænd］
n. 穷乡僻壤；内地，腹地
例　The city people could not get used to the remote nature of the hinterland. 城里人无法习惯穷乡僻壤的偏远落后。

historic
historic　［hɪˈstɒrɪk; (US)hɪsˈtɔːrɪk］
adj. 历史上著名的；有历史意义的
例 During her summer vacation, Janet visited some places of historic interest in China, such as the Imperial Palace and the Summer Palace. 在暑假期间，珍妮特参观了中国的许多历史古迹，例如故宫和颐和园。
联 historian n. 历史学家；编年史家

hoe
hoe［həʊ］
vt. 用锄耕地，锄〈同　weed〉
例　On weekends, I always hoe weeds in my garden. 在周末，我经常在我的花园里除草。

hoist
hoist［hɔɪst］
n. 起重机
例　A mechanic used a hoist to lift an engine from an automobile. 机械师使用起重机将汽车里的引擎吊了出来。
v. 举起，升起，吊起〈同 raise〉
例　The father hoisted his small child onto his shoulders. 父亲把他的小孩举到了肩膀上。

homely
homely［'həʊmli］
adj. 家常的
例　The small hotel had a homely feeling to it that gave guests a casual and comfortable feeling. 这家小酒店有一种家的感觉，让顾客感觉休闲和舒适。

homemade
homemade［ˌhəʊm'meɪd］
adj. 自制的，家里做的〈同　made at home〉
例　After traveling on business for two months, it was nice to return home and eat homemade food. 出差两个月后，能回到家吃家里做的饭菜，真是太好了。

homespun
homespun［'həʊmspʌn］
adj. 朴素的；家里纺织的〈同　plain, simple〉
例　Jack's mother gave him a homespun sweater that she had spent two months on. 杰克的妈妈送给他一件自己花了两个月织成的手织毛衣。

homogenize
homogenize［hə'mɒʤənaɪz］
vt. 使均匀〈同　equalize〉
例　A popular belief states that radio and television have homogenized the language of the whole nation. 一种普遍的观点认为，广播和电视正在同质化整个国家的语言。

hook
hook［hʊk］
n. 钩；鱼钩
例　Rocky could not pull the hook out of the fish's mouth. 洛基无法把鱼钩从鱼嘴上拽下来。
v. 用钩子钩〈同　grapple〉
例　Please hook the door of the bird cage. 请钩住鸟笼的门。

horde
horde［hɔ:d］
n. 一大群〈同　swarm, crowd〉
例　A horde of bees chased the dog that had knocked down their beehive. 一群蜜蜂在追逐那只撞翻了蜂巢的狗。

horizon
horizon　［həˈraɪzən］
n. 地平线；眼界，视野〈同 range〉
例 People once believed that the length of the earth ended at the ocean's horizon. 人们曾经相信，海平线便是大地的尽头。
联 horizontal adj. 水平的

horn
horn［hɔ:n］
n.（牛、羊等的）角
例　Cattle, sheep and goats have a pair of horns, but the Indian rhinoceros only has one. 牛、绵羊和山羊都有一对角，但是印度犀牛只有一只角。

horrible
horrible［'hɒrəbəl; (US)'hɔ:rəbəl］
adj. 可怕的，恐怖的〈同 terrible〉
例　We have to report the horrible accident to the police. 我们必须将这起可怕的事故报警。

hose
hose［həʊz］
n. 软管，水龙带
例　A garden hose often has a nozzle on one end to help spray. 花园浇水用的软管通常在一端有一个喷嘴来帮助其喷水。
vt. 用软管浇水
例　The driver hosed down the car. 司机用水管冲洗汽车。

hospitality
hospitality［ˌhɒspɪ'tæləti］
n. 好客，盛情
例　The local people provided a car to bring me from the airport and showed me great hospitality. 当地人派了一辆车把我从机场接了回来，并且对我十分热情。

host
host　［həʊst］
n. 主人；节目主持人
例 The host asked his guests to come to the table for dinner. 主人邀请客人们到餐桌用餐。
v. 做东道主，主办；招待（客人）〈同 entertain〉
例 Janet always hosts guests at their house, while John only sits there and eats. 珍妮特经常在家里招待客人，而约翰却只会坐在那里吃东西。
联 hostess n. 女主人；饭店（或旅店）女老板

hostage
hostage［'hɒstɪʤ］
n. 人质；抵押品
例　The terrorist took hostages and threatened to kill them. 恐怖分子挟制了人质，并威胁要杀了他们。

hostile
hostile　［ˈhɒstaɪl; (US)ˈhɑːstəl］
adj. 敌对的，不友好的〈同 unfriendly〉
例 The trade minister placed an embargo on goods from the hostile country. 贸易部长对来自敌对国家的货物实行禁运。
记 host（敌人）+ ile→敌对的
联 hostility n. 敌意，敌对

hot-headed
hot-headed［ˌhɒt'hedɪd］
adj. 急躁的，鲁莽的
解　characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation
例　Tyrone became very hot-headed if someone joked about his ethnicity. 如果有人拿蒂龙的种族开玩笑的话，他会变得非常冲动。

hover
hover［'hɒvə(r); (US)'hʌvər］
vi. 翱翔，盘旋；徘徊〈同 float〉
例　The helicopter hovered in the air. 直升飞机在空中盘旋。

hub
hub［hʌb］
n. ①轮轴〈同　core〉
例　The hub of my bicycle wheel has rusted. 我的自行车车轮的轮毂生锈了。
例　Dallas, Texas has become a national hub of banking, fashion, trade and transportation. 得克萨斯州的达拉斯市已经成为美国银行业、时尚业、贸易与交通的中心。

huddle
huddle［'hʌdəl］
vi. 缩成一团；挤成一团〈同　crowd, gather〉
例　Cattle huddle up together for warmth. 牛蜷缩在一起取暖。
n. 杂乱的一堆，拥挤〈同　mass, heap〉
例　I could not get through the huddle of people at the McDonald's counter. 我无法从麦当劳柜台前拥挤的人群中穿过。

hue
hue［hju:］
n. 颜色，色彩〈同　color〉
例　The black-and-white TV only has two hues. 黑白电视只有两个颜色。

hug
hug［hʌg］
n./v. 拥抱〈同 embrace〉
例　The little girl hugged her stuffed rabbit while sleeping. 小女孩睡觉的时候抱着她的玩具兔子。

humanity
humanity［hju:'mænɪti］
n. 人类；人性；博爱，仁慈〈同 kindness〉
例　Adolf Hitler was guilty of enormous crimes against humanity. 阿道夫·希特勒犯了反人类的滔天罪行。

humble
humble　［ˈhʌmbəl］
adj. 低下的，卑贱的；谦逊的；简陋的〈同 meek〉
例 After Peter hit Rob, Rob was always humble in front of Peter. 自从被彼得打了之后，罗布在彼得面前就一直低声下气的。
记 hum（地）+ble→接近地的→低下的
联 humility n. 谦逊

humidity
humidity［hju:'mɪdɪti］
n. 湿气，湿度〈同 dampness〉
例　On a hot, sultry day, the humidity is high. 天气又热又闷的时候，湿度会很高。

humiliate
humiliate［hju:'mɪlɪeɪt］
vt. 羞辱，使丢脸〈同　embarrass〉
例　She was humiliated when she slipped on the banana peel. 她踩在香蕉皮上滑到了，这让她很没面子。

hump
hump［hʌmp］
n. 驼背；峰，圆形隆起之物〈同　lump, hunch〉
例　How many humps does a camel normally have? 一头骆驼正常情况下有几个驼峰？

hurl
hurl［hɜ:l］
v. 用力投掷〈同 throw〉
例　Rebel youths hurled stones at the soldiers. 抗议的年轻人向士兵扔石头。

hurricane
hurricane［'hʌrɪkən］
n. 飓风，暴风雨〈同 storm〉
例　The wind in a hurricane can reach speeds over 75 miles per hour. 龙卷风的风速可超过每小时75英里。

husk
husk［hʌsk］
n.（果类或谷物的）外壳；皮〈同　shell〉
例　An ear of corn has a husk. 玉米穗有苞叶。
vt. 剥…的壳；削皮〈同　remove the husk from〉
例　Husk the corn before cooking it. 煮玉米之前要剥去玉米皮。

hustle
hustle［'hʌsəl］
n. 挤，推，拥挤喧嚷〈同　hurry, bustle〉
例　The hustle in the street is busiest after work when everyone is rushing home. 下班之后，大街上最是繁忙喧嚣，因为所有人都着急回家。

hydrate
hydrate［'haɪdreɪt］
v. 使成水化物，与水化合 n. 水化物
解　v. to add water or moisture n. any chemical compound made when certain substances chemically unite with water
例　The purpose of this experiment is to determine the empirical formula of a hydrate. 这个实验的目的是确定一种水化物的实验式。
近　hydrogen n. 氢气

hygiene
hygiene［'haɪʤi:n］
n. 卫生〈同　cleanliness, sanitation〉
例　The dentist instructed his patients on dental hygiene. 牙科医生就牙齿卫生问题对患者进行指导。

hyperactivity
hyperactivity［ˌhaɪpɜ:'æktɪvɪti］
n. 多动症
解　having behavior characterized by constant overactivity
例　The boy's hyperactivity was intensified when he ate sweets. 在吃糖果的时候，这个男孩的多动症症状更加明显。

hyperbole
hyperbole［haɪ'pɜ:bəli］
n. 夸张法
解　extravagant exaggeration
例　“I could eat a horse” is a hyperbole commonly used to express extreme hunger. “我可以吃下一匹马” 是一种夸张的说法，通常用来形容极度 饥饿。
同　hyperbolic adj. 夸张法的
构　hyper (=excessively) + bol (=to throw) + e

hypercritical
hypercritical［ˌhaɪpə'krɪtɪkəl］
adj. 苛求的，吹毛求疵的
解　finding too much to criticize; excessively exacting
例　The father was hypercritical of his eldest son in order to make him tough. 为了让孩子变得坚强，父亲对他的长子要求十分严苛。
近　hypocritical adj. 虚伪的，伪善的
构　hyper (=excessively) + cri (=to judge) + tical

hypersensitive
hypersensitive［ˌhaɪpə'sensətɪv］
adj. 高灵敏度的；感觉过敏的
例　He was hypersensitive to the slightest criticism. 他对哪怕最轻微的批评也非常敏感。

hypochondria
hypochondria［ˌhaɪpə'kɒndrɪə］
n. 忧郁症，疑病症
解　chronic and abnormal anxiety about imaginary symptoms and ailments
例　Hypochondria often involves experiences of real pain when illness is neither present nor likely. 疑病症患者通常会在没有生病也不可能生病的情况下感到疼痛。

hypocrite
hypocrite［'hɪpəkrɪt］
n. ① 伪善者 ② 伪君子
解　① person who pretends to be very good or religious ② person who is not sincere; pretender
例　The policeman who took bribes was not only a hypocrite but a criminal as well. 这名受贿的警察不仅是个伪君子，更是一名罪犯。
同　hypocrisy n. 伪善，造作

hypocritical
hypocritical［ˌhɪpə'krɪtɪkəl］
adj. 虚伪的，伪善的
解　professing feelings or virtues one does not have
例　His hypocritical smile did not fool me; I knew he was trying to get my job. 他虚伪的笑容骗不了我；我知道他想得到我的工作。

hypothesis
hypothesis［haɪ'pɒθɪsɪz］
n. 假设，假说〈同 assumption〉
例　One scientist's hypothesis has to be tested by other scientists before it is generally accepted as truth. 科学家的设想在作为真理为人们接受之前，总是要经受其他科学家的考验。

hypothesis
hypothesis［haɪ'pɒθəsɪs］
n. 假设，假说
解　a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
例　A hypothesis can only become a scientific law after it has been replicated and proven consistent under different isolated conditions. 只有在不同的、独立的条件下被反复证明是一致的，假说才能成为科学定理。
同　hypothetically adv. 假设地
构　hypo (=under) + thesis (=placed)

hysteria
hysteria［hɪ'stɪərɪə］
n. 歇斯底里症；过度兴奋
解　uncontrollable fear or outburst of emotion
例　A false report of aliens landing on Earth caused mass hysteria. 外星人登陆地球的虚假报道引发了群众的恐慌。

hysterical
hysterical［hɪ'sterɪkəl］
adj. 歇斯底里的；异常兴奋的〈同 frenzied〉
例　We could not control the hysterical man. 我们没法控制这个歇斯底里的人。

iceberg
iceberg［'aɪsbɜ:g］
n. 冰山
例　Most of an iceberg is under water. 冰山的大部分都在水下。

icicle
icicle［'aɪsɪkəl］
n. 冰柱，冰垂
例　Icicles hung from the house's roof in the winter. 冬天，屋檐上挂满了冰柱。

icon
icon［'aɪkɒn］
n. ①圣像，偶像〈同　idol〉
例　The icons on the walls of the church were painted in the 13th century. 教堂墙上的圣像绘于13世纪。
例　The billboards on the highway displayed many familiar corporate icons. 公路上的户外广告牌展示了许多熟悉的企业标识。

identical
identical　［aɪˈdentɪkəl］
adj. 同一的；完全相同的〈同 matching〉
例 The twins' appearance was identical, but each had a distinct personality. 那对双胞胎的外貌完全相同，但两个人却有着截然不同的个性。
记 ident（相同）+ical→同一的

identify
identify　［aɪˈdentɪfaɪ］
vt. 识别，认出；鉴定〈同 detect〉
例 I could not identify my umbrella among a hundred others. 我无法从100把伞里面认出我的伞。
记 ident（相同）+ify→使对上号→识别，认出
联 identification n. 辨认；鉴定；identifiable adj. 可辨认的

identity
identity　［aɪˈdentəti］
n. 身份〈同 individuality〉
例 The identity of the special guest was only revealed an hour before he arrived. 特别来宾的身份直到他到达的一个小时前才揭晓。

idiom
idiom［'ɪdɪəm］
n. 方言，土语；习惯用语〈同 lingo〉
例　“Hold one's tongue”is an English idiom meaning“keep quiet”. Hold one's tongue 是一个英语习语，意思是“保持沉默”。

idle
idle　［ˈaɪdəl］
adj. 闲置的；（指人）无所事事的，懒惰的
例 The workers were idle during the strike and so was the expensive machinery in the factory. 工人们在罢工期间无事可做，工厂里那些昂贵的机器同样被闲置。

idyllic
idyllic［ɪ'dɪlɪk］
adj. 田园诗的〈同　pastoral, rural〉
例　Most of the village's inhabitants are retired city folk enjoying an idyllic life. 这个村子里的大部分居民都是城市里的退休人员，他们在这里享受田园生活。

igneous
igneous［'ɪgnɪəs］
adj.【地】火的，火成的
例　The scientist discovered that the island was formed from the igneous rock that erupted from a volcano thousands of years ago. 科学家们发现，这座岛是由数千年前一座火山喷发出的火成岩形成的。

ignite
ignite［ɪg'naɪt］
v. 点燃，（使）燃烧〈同 light, burn〉
例　One match can ignite an entire forest. 一根火柴可以点燃整个森林。

ignominious
ignominious［ˌɪɡnə'mɪniəs］
adj. 可耻的，可鄙的；屈辱的
解　bringing contempt, disgrace, shame; dishonorable; disgraceful
例　The losing team returned home from the tournament with sadness because of their ignominious defeat. 由于在比赛中惨败，队伍带着悲伤的心情回去了。
构　ig < in (=not) + nomin (=name) + ious
同　ignominy n. 羞耻，屈辱

ignorant
ignorant［'ɪgnərənt］
adj. 无知的；不了解的〈同 unlearned, unaware〉
例　People who live in the city are often ignorant of farm life. 住在城市里的人通常不了解农村的生活。

ignorant
ignorant［'ɪɡnərənt］
adj. ① 无知的 ② 不知道的，消息不灵通的
解　① lacking basic knowledge ② unaware or uninformed
例　Because Barbara had been ill, she was ignorant of the change in the date for the final examination. 由于芭芭拉生病了，她不知道期末考试的时间已经发生了变化。
同　ignorance n. 愚昧无知
构　i < in (=not) + gnor (=to know) + ant

illegible
illegible［ɪ'leʤəbəl］
adj. 难以辨认的，（字迹）模糊的〈同　unreadable, unclear〉
例　Please write it again; your handwriting is too illegible. 请重写一遍；你的字迹太难辨认了。

illiterate
illiterate［ɪ'lɪtərət］
adj. 文盲的；缺乏教育的〈同　uncultured, uneducated〉
例　John was illiterate and was unable to fill out his income tax forms. 约翰是文盲，他不会填所得税申报表。

illiterate
illiterate［ɪ'lɪtərɪt］
adj. 文盲的
解　not able to read or write
例　People who have never gone to school are usually illiterate. 没有上过学的人通常都是文盲。
同　illiteracy n. 文盲

illuminate
illuminate［ɪ'lu:mɪneɪt］
v. ① 照明，照亮〈同 brighten〉
例　Fireworks illuminated the cold night. 烟火照亮了寒冷的夜晚。
例　The teacher illuminated a difficult chapter in the book to make students understand it clearly. 老师讲解了书中有难度的一章，好让学生们清楚地理解。

illusion
illusion［ɪ'lu:ʒən］
n. 幻觉；错觉〈同 misconception〉
例　Janet had the illusion that it would be easy to find a job but she soon discovered how wrong she was. 珍妮特错误地以为找工作是一件很容易的事，但是不久她就发现自己错得有多离谱。

illusion
illusion［ɪ'lu:ʒən］
n. 幻觉，错觉
解　an erroneous mental representation; delusion
例　Magic is a form of entertainment that is based on illusion. 魔术是一种基于错觉的娱乐形式。
同　disillusioned adj. 幻想破灭的；illusive adj. 幻觉的；illusory adj. 虚幻的，幻觉的
构　il < in (=in) + lus (=to play) + ion

illusionist
illusionist［ɪ'lu:ʒənɪst］
n. 魔术师
解　someone who performs magic tricks to amuse an audience
例　We had an illusionist do tricks at the party. 在聚会上，我们请了一位魔术师表演魔术。

illustrate
illustrate　［ˈɪləstreɪt］
vt.（用图或例子）说明，阐明〈同 state〉
例 To illustrate how the heart circulates blood through the body, the teacher described how a pump works. 为了说明心脏如何使血液在全身循环流动，老师描述了水泵的工作原理。
记 il（进入）+lustr（明亮的）+ate→使内容更明了→(用图或例子）说明
联 illustration n. 例证；插图

imagery
imagery［'ɪmɪʤəri］
n.（艺术、文学中的）肖像，形象；形象化的比喻〈同　image; figurative writing〉
例　The imagery in his writing is so detailed that the characters seem to be real people. 他作品中人物形象的描述太详细了，书中的人物就像真实存在的一般。

imaginary
imaginary［ɪ'mæʤɪnəri］
adj. 想像中的，虚构的〈同 unreal, imagined〉
例　He is playing a video game against an imaginary opponent. 他正在和一个虚拟的对手玩电子游戏。

imaginative
imaginative［ɪ'mæʤɪnətɪv］
adj. 富于想像力的〈同 fanciful, creative〉
例　Science fictionists are so imaginative that create the nonexistent. 科幻小说家太有想像力了，他们能创作出前所未有的事物。

imbibe
imbibe［ɪm'baɪb］
v. 饮；吸收〈同　drink, absorb〉
例　A student imbibes a great deal of information during a school term. 学生在一个学期内会吸收大量的信息。

imitate
imitate　［ˈɪmɪteɪt］
vt. 仿效，模仿〈同 mimic，emulate〉
例 Decide what you want to do; don't just imitate others. 决定自己想要做什么，不要一味地模仿其他人。
联 imitation n. 模仿；仿制品

imitate
imitate［'ɪmɪteɪt］
vt. 模仿；仿效
解　to try to be like or act like; to follow the example of
例　I hate it when she imitates my actions. 我讨厌她模仿我的动作。

imitation
imitation［ˌɪmɪ'teɪʃən］
n. 模仿；仿制品〈同 mimicry, copy〉
例　In imitation of older girls, the ten-year-old girls have started wearing make-up. 为了模仿大姑娘，这些十岁的小女孩们已经开始化妆了。

immemorial
immemorial［ˌɪmɪ'mɔ:rɪəl］
adj. 太古的，极古的
解　long past; beyond the limits of memory or tradition or recorded history
例　The archeologist found the fossils of a three-headed creature that had been buried from time immemorial. 考古学家发现了一种三头生物的化石，它在远古时期就被埋葬了。

immense
immense　［ɪˈmens］
adj. 巨大的；无边的〈同 enormous〉
例 The square is dominated by an immense statue of the President. 一尊巨大的总统雕像屹立在广场上。
记 im（不）+mense（=measure 测量）→大得无法测量的→巨大的
联 immensity n. 无限；巨大

immerse
immerse［ɪ'mɜ:s］
vt. 浸入；使全神贯注于，使沉浸于〈同 submerge, engross〉
例　The hippopotamus immersed itself in the cool river. 河马把身体浸在凉爽的河水中。

immerse
immerse［ɪ'mɜ:s］
v. ① 浸入 ② 沉浸于
解　① to enclose or envelop completely, as if by swallowing ② to absorb deeply, to engross
例　The student immersed himself in research in order to complete his thesis. 为了完成论文，这名学生沉浸在了研究中。
同　immersion n. 沉入，浸入
构　im < in (=into) + mers < merg (=to dip, to sink) + e

immigrant
immigrant　［ˈɪmɪɡrənt］
n.（自外国移入之）移民〈同 alien〉
例 Illegal immigrants are sent back across the border if they are caught. 非法移民如果被抓住，会被从边境遣送回国。

imminent
imminent［'ɪmɪnənt］
adj. 即将发生的，逼近的
解　close in time, about to occur
例　When the outbreak of the war seemed imminent, the tourists rushed home. 战争似乎一触即发，游客们都纷纷回家。
构　im < in (=upon, over) + min (=to project) + ent

immobile
immobile［ɪ'məʊbaɪl; (US)ɪ'məʊbəl］
adj. 固定的，不动的〈同　stationary, fixed〉
例　Nothing in nature is truly immobile; even the mountains are in constant movement and change. 本质上而言，没有任何物体是绝对静止不动的；即便山脉也在持续地移动和变化。

immune
immune［ɪ'mju:n］
adj.（对…）免疫的，不受影响的〈同 exempt〉
例　This vaccine will make you immune to this disease for two years. 接种这种疫苗可使你对这种疾病有两年的免疫力。

impact
impact　［ˈɪmpækt］
n. ① 影响〈同 influence〉
例 Your lectures have had a powerful impact on my thinking. 您的课对我的思想产生了重要的影响。
例 The car crumpled upon impact against the solid brick wall. 那辆汽车撞上硬砖墙后变得不成样子了。
记 im（起强调作用）+pact（压）→使劲压→撞击，冲击

impair
impair［ɪm'peə(r)］
vt. 损害，削弱〈同 hurt〉
例　His misdeeds greatly impaired our friendship. 他的罪行严重伤害了我们的友谊。

impart
impart［ɪm'pɑ:t］
vt. 给予，传授；传递，传达〈同 deliver, convey〉
例　Schools impart education. 学校提供教育。

impart
impart［ɪm'pɑ:t］
v. 告知；透露
解　to make known; to disclose
例　The teacher imparted some final advice to the students at their graduation. 在学生们毕业之际，老师给了他们一些最后的忠告。
近　parlance n. 谈话，说法；pariah n. 贱民；被社会遗弃者

impartial
impartial［ɪm'pɑ:∫əl］
adj. 公正的，无偏见的〈同　unbiased, fair〉
例　A judge has the responsibility of being impartial if he is to give a fair decision on a case. 如果一名法官要对一个案件进行公平的判决，他便有责任做到公平公正。

impartial
impartial［ɪm'pɑ:ʃəl］
adj. 公平的，无私的
解　showing no more favor to one side than to the other; fair; just
例　A judge should be impartial. 法官应该公正无私。
同　impartiality n. 公正，客观；无私
构　im < in (=not) + part (=part) + ial

impassable
impassable［ɪm'pɑ:səbəl］
adj. 不能通行的，无路可通的
解　impossible to pass, cross, or overcome
例　The Great Wall made the hills almost impassable for any army. 长城使得任何军队几乎都无法进入山里。

impasse
impasse［'æmpɑ:s; 'ɪm-］
n. ① 死路 ② 僵局
解　① a road or passage having no exit ② a situation that is so difficult that no progress can be made
例　The jury members reached an impasse and couldn't unanimously agree on the verdict. 陪审团成员间陷入僵局，无法对裁决达成一致意见。

impassioned
impassioned［ɪm'pæʃənd］
adj. 充满激情的
解　characterized by intense emotion
例　Charlie gave an impassioned performance that earned him a standing ovation at the end of the play. 在演出的尾声，查理充满激情的表演赢得了观众的喝彩。

impassive
impassive［ɪm'pæsɪv］
adj. 无动于衷的，冷漠的
解　having or revealing little emotion or sensibility
例　It's not that he doesn't care about what you said. It's just his impassive personality. 他并不是不在乎你所说的话；他只是性格比较冷淡。
构　im < in (=not) + pass (=to feel, to suffer) + ive

impede
impede［ɪm'pi:d］
vt. 妨碍，阻碍〈同　hinder, hamper〉
例　The scheme was impeded by lack of funds. 由于缺乏资金，计划受到了阻碍。

impending
impending［ɪm'pendɪŋ］
adj. 行将发生的，逼近的〈同　approaching, imminent〉
例　People out at sea had been warned of the impending storms. 海上的人们已经收到了暴风雨即将来临的警告。

imperative
imperative［ɪm'perətɪv］
adj. 必要的；强制的〈同 necessary〉
例　Mutual respect and understanding among all racial and ethnic groups have become imperative in the life of this nation. 所有种族和民族之间互相尊重、互相理解已经成为这个国家生存的必需因素。
n. 命令；需要；必要的事〈同 command, order〉
例　It is an imperative that you take calculus before you start to study advanced economics. 在你学习高级经济学之前，你需要学习微积分。

imperial
imperial［ɪm'pɪərɪəl］
adj. 帝王的；威严的，至高无上的〈同 royal〉
例　The palace was decorated with imperial splendor. 宫殿装修得很有皇室风范。

impersonal
impersonal［ɪm'pɜ:sənəl］
adj. 不受个人感情影响的，客观的，无私的〈同　objective; detached〉
例　He conceals his feelings behind a rather impersonal manner. 他用一种冷漠的态度掩盖自己的感情。

impersonate
impersonate［ɪm'pɜ:səneɪt］
vt. 模仿，扮演〈同　mimic, imitate〉
例　My cousin impersonates many well-known film stars. 我堂弟能模仿许多著名的电影明星。

impersonate
impersonate［ɪm'pə:səneɪt］
v. 模仿，扮演
解　to assume or act the character of
例　Many comedians will impersonate and make fun of famous people at this wedding reception. 在婚宴上，许多喜剧演员将扮演名人并拿他们取乐。
同　impersonator n. 扮演者

impetus
impetus［'ɪmpɪtəs］
n. 推动力；激励物〈同 incentive〉
例　Janet's longing for another kind of life is a major impetus for working hard. 珍妮特对另外一种生活的渴望成为了她努力工作的主要动力。

implacable
implacable［ɪm'plækəbəl］
adj. 难以抚慰的，难平息的；难以满足的
解　unable to be appeased; refusing to be reconciled
例　The new nation was constantly threatened by its implacable enemies. 由于敌人很难和解，这个新成立的国家一直处于其带来的威胁之中。
构　im < in (=not) + plac (=to soothe, please) + able
近　impeccable adj. 无缺点的；无瑕疵的

implement
implement
例 In your training course for dental assistant, you will become familiar with many of the implements that dentists use. 在牙科助理的培训课程中，你会熟悉牙科医生所用的许多工具。
例 I am unwilling to implement this plan until I have assurances that it has the full approval of officials. 我不愿意执行这个计划，除非我确信这个计划已经得到官方的完全批准。

implication
implication［ˌɪmplɪ'keɪ∫ən］
n. ①暗示；含意（imply的名词形式）〈同　hint; meaning〉
例　She did not actually refuse, but the way that she frowned was an implication of her unwillingness. 她实际上并没有拒绝，但她皱眉头暗示了她的不情愿。
例　This guy is suspected of implication in a number of robberies. 那个家伙被怀疑参与了数起抢劫。

implicit
implicit［ɪm'plɪsɪt］
adj. 不明确的，含蓄的〈同 implied〉
例　My boss's surly facial expression was an implicit message that we did something wrong. 老板阴沉沉的表情暗示着我们犯了错误。

imply
imply［ɪm'plaɪ］
vt. 暗示，意味〈同 suggest, hint〉
例　The teacher's smile implied that she had forgiven us. 老师的微笑表明她已经原谅了我们。

import
import［ɪm'pɔ:t］
v. 进口
解　to bring in from abroad
例　The country imported food and goods from China and Japan. 这个国家从中国和日本进口食物和商品。

importune
importune［ɪm'pɔ:tju:n］
v. 强求，不断请求
解　to beg persistently and urgently
例　He importuned her to marry him until she agreed. 他不断地请求她嫁给他，直到她同意才善罢甘休。
构　im < in (=in, into) + port (=to carry) + une

impose
impose　［ɪmˈpəʊz］
vt. 把…强加于；施加影响 vi. 利用；打扰〈同 force〉
例 Are you sure it's all right for me to come tonight? I don't want to impose on you. 你确定我今晚来没问题吗？我不想打扰到你。
联 imposition n. 强迫接受

impose
impose［ɪm'pəʊz］
v. ① 强加 ② 征（税）
解　① to put (a burden, tax, or punishment) on another or others by authority ② to establish or apply as compulsory; levy
例　President Bush was highly criticized for imposing new taxes after his election campaign. 在竞选活动之后，人们强烈谴责布什总统征收新税。

imposing
imposing［ɪm'pəʊzɪŋ］
adj. 气势雄伟的，威严的〈同　impressive, grand〉
例　The pyramids of Egypt are imposing structures. 埃及的金字塔是非常雄伟的建筑。
例　The grandeur of the Great Wall left an imprint upon me. 长城的宏伟令我印象深刻。
例　The accident imprinted the fear of death on his mind. 这次事故在他的心中留下了对死亡的恐惧。

impoverish
impoverish［ɪm'pɒvərɪʃ］
v. 使成赤贫
解　to make indigent or poor
例　High taxes further impoverished the peasants. 高额的税收使农民变得更加贫困了。
构　im < in (=in) + pover (=poor) + ish

impress
impress［ɪm'pres］
vt. ① 印，盖印
例　A pattern of flowers had been impressed onto the cloth. 花的图案已经印在了这块布上。
例　Mr. Bao impressed Janet with his honesty and kindness. 包先生的诚实和友善给珍妮特留下了深刻的印象。

impress
impress［ɪm'pres］
v. 打动，给予某人深刻印象
解　have a favourable effect on sb.
例　The interviewer was impressed by her credentials and attitude and hired her there on the spot. 面试官被她持有的证书和态度所打动，当场聘用了她。
同　impressed adj. 留下印象的；unimpressive adj. 给人印象不深的，不打动人的

imprint
imprint［ɪm'prɪnt］
v. 盖章，刻印
解　to stamp or mark by or as if by pressure
例　He imprinted a kiss on his grandmother's cheek. 他在祖母的脸颊上留下了一个吻。

imprisonment
imprisonment［ɪm'prɪzənmənt］
n. 监禁〈同　confinement〉
例　She's been sentenced to five years' imprisonment. 她被判处五年监禁。

improbable
improbable［ɪm'prɒbəbəl］
adj. 不大可能的〈同　unlikely〉
例　After breaking her leg, it was improbable that she ran in the race. 摔断腿之后，她不太可能参加赛跑了。

improve
improve［ɪm'pru:v］
v. 改进，提高
解　to make better in quality or more valuable
例　Economic reforms within the last few years have improved people's standard of living. 过去几年的经济改革已经提高了人民的生活水平。
同　improvement n. 改进，提高

improvise
improvise［'ɪmprəvaɪz］
vt. 即席创作，即兴表演〈同　extemporize〉
例　The actors improvised a scene based on an audience suggestion. 演员们根据观众的建议即兴设计了一个情景。

impulse
impulse［'ɪmpʌls］
n. 冲动；刺激，驱使〈同 urge, force〉
例　She was so hot that she had the impulse to jump into the pool even with her clothes on. 她实在是太热了，有一股不脱衣服就想跳到池塘里的冲动。

inanimate
inanimate［ɪn'ænɪmət］
adj. 无生命的〈同　lifeless〉
例　A fable is usually a short tale featuring animals or inanimate objects that can talk and think like humans. 寓言通常是一则短小的故事，其中的主角是能够像人一样说话和思考的动物或没有生命的物体。

inaugurate
inaugurate［ɪ'nɔ:gjʊreɪt］
vt. ① 创新，开辟〈同 begin, initiate〉
例　The health club inaugurated a morning exercise session, which they did not have before. 这个健康俱乐部开创了一个他们以前从未有过的晨练项目。
例　The new president was inaugurated with much ceremony. 新任总统举行了盛大的就职仪式。

incandescent
incandescent［ˌɪnkæn'desənt］
adj. ① 白热的，白炽的 ② 遇热发光的
解　① red-hot or white-hot; shining brightly ② glowing with heat
例　The embers of the fire were still incandescent even though the flames had disappeared. 尽管火已经灭了，灰烬仍然很炽热。

incapacitate
incapacitate［ˌɪnkə'pæsɪteɪt］
vt. 使失去能力；使不胜任〈同　disable, disqualify〉
例　Poor eyesight has incapacitated him from serving in the army. 视力不佳使他失去了参军的机会。

incapacitate
incapacitate［ˌɪnkə'pæsɪteɪt］
v. 使无能，使无资格
解　to make unable to perform a certain action
例　His illness left him incapacitated for three days. 他的病使得他三天都下不了床。
近　debilitate v. 使衰弱

incense
incense［'ɪnsens］n. 熏香；焚香的烟
例　Incense was used in ancient Egypt, Greece and Rome, and has been used by Christians since the sixth century. 古埃及、古希腊和古罗马都使用过熏香，而且自六世纪以来，熏香也被基督教徒使用。
例　The waitress was incensed when her picky customer refused to tip her. 当那位挑剔的顾客拒绝付小费的时候，那名女服务员被激怒了。

incentive
incentive［ɪn'sentɪv］
n. 动机；刺激；鼓励〈同 motivation〉
例　The theater offered two tickets for the price of one as an incentive to draw customers. 电影院推出电影票买一赠一的促销活动，以吸引更多的消费者。

incessant
incessant［ɪn'sesənt］
adj. 不停的，连续的〈同　unending, constant〉
例　The incessant phone calls made it impossible for me to even get a lunch break. 接连不断的电话让我连吃午饭的时间都没有。

incidence
incidence［'ɪnsɪdəns］
n. 发生，出现；发生率〈同 occurrence〉
例　In an epidemic the incidence of a disease is widespread. 传染病流行时，到处都是被感染的人。

incident
incident［'ɪnsɪdənt］
n. 事件〈同　occurrence, event〉
例　A 23-year-old man was seriously injured in a shooting incident which occurred outside a pub. 在酒馆外发生的枪击事件中，有一名23岁的男子受了重伤。

incidentally
incidentally［ɪnsɪ'dentəli］
adv. 附带地，偶然地〈同 by chance〉
例　She wanted to tell me how hard-working she is, and only incidentally mentioned that she hadn't eaten. 她想告诉我她的工作有多努力，只是顺便提了一下她还没有吃饭。

incise
incise［ɪn'saɪz］
vt. 切割，雕刻
解　to make an incision into by carving or cutting
例　The cardiac surgeon incised the patient's diaphragm in order to reach his heart. 心脏外科医生切入患者的横膈膜以到达心脏。
同　incision n. 切割，切口

incisive
incisive［ɪn'saɪsɪv］
adj. 深刻的，尖锐的〈同　sharp, penetrating〉
例　Julie's questions in class were so incisive that the teacher did not know how to answer them. 朱莉在课堂上提出的问题太过尖锐，老师不知道该如何回答。

incisive
incisive［ɪn'saɪsɪv］
adj. 一针见血的
解　penetrating, clear, and sharp, as in operation or expression
例　The journalist wrote an incisive article about the political scandal. 这名记者写了一篇关于政治丑闻的尖锐的文章。
构　in (=in, into) + cis (=to cut) + ive

incite
incite［ɪn'saɪt］
v. 煽动；激发，刺激
解　to urge on; to stir up; to rouse
例　The speaker incited the audience to quick action. 演讲者激励听众要有强的行动力。

inclination
inclination［ˌɪnklɪ'neɪ∫ən］
n. 嗜好，倾向〈同　preference, tendency〉
例　I've no inclination to follow my mother into accountancy. 我不愿意接我妈妈的班，成为一名会计师。

inclined
inclined　［ɪnˈklaɪnd］
adj. ① 倾向…的〈同 preferring〉
例 Sally is usually inclined to eat salad, not pizza. 莎莉通常倾向于吃沙拉，而不是比萨。
例 Be careful when you ski down because the mountain is steeply inclined. 你往山下滑雪的时候要小心，因为这个山坡非常陡。

include
include［ɪn'klu:d］
v. 包含，包括
解　to have as a part, to be made up out of
例　The dinner included salad, soup, a main course and dessert. 晚餐包括沙拉、汤、主菜和甜点。
同　inclusion n. 包含

inclusive
inclusive［ɪn'klu:sɪv］
adj. 包含的，包括的〈同 being included〉
例　This meeting will run from January 10 to February 15 inclusive. 会议将从1月10日持续到2月15日（含2月15日）。

incompatible
incompatible［ˌɪnkəm'pætəbəl］
adj. 合不来的，相互不协调的；不兼容的〈同　conflicting, unsuited〉
例　Any new video system that is incompatible with existing ones has little chance of success. 对于任何与现有系统不兼容的新视频系统，其成功的机会都微乎其微。

incongruous
incongruous［ɪn'kɒŋgrʊəs］
adj. 不协调的，不一致的〈同　incompatible, discordant〉
例　The new computer looked incongruous in the dark book-filled library. 在满是书的昏暗的图书馆里，新计算机看起来非常不协调。

incorporate
incorporate［ɪn'kɔ:pəreɪt］
vt. 合并，并入；包含〈同 merge, contain〉
例　It is hard to incorporate all his ideas in the new model of the car. 这辆新型汽车很难体现他所有的想法。

incredible
incredible　［ɪnˈkredəbəl］
adj. 难以置信的，惊人的〈同 unbelievable〉
例 On stage Aretha Franklin sings with incredible energy, zest, and strength. 艾瑞莎•富兰克林在舞台上唱歌时，充满了惊人的能量、热情和力量。
记 in（不）+cred（相信）+ible→难以置信的

incriminate
incriminate［ɪn'krɪmɪneɪt］
v. 归罪于，控告；牵连
解　to accuse of a crime; to show to be guilty
例　The robber's confession incriminated two others who helped to rob the bank. 盗贼的供词牵连出了其他两名协助抢劫银行的同伙。
同　incrimination n. 连累，控告
构　in + crimin (=guilty) + ate

incur
incur［ɪn'kɜ:(r)］
vt. 招致，引起〈同 cause〉
例　Janet incurred her boyfriend's anger for telling a lie. 珍妮特因为说谎而惹怒了男朋友。

incursion
incursion［ɪn'kɜ:ʃən］
n. 袭击，侵入
解　temporary invasion
例　The incursion of the foreign army on the island was an act of war. 外国军队侵入岛屿是一种战争行为。
构　in (=into) + curs (=to run) + ion

indecency
indecency［ɪn'di:snsi］
n. 粗鄙，下流
解　the quality of being indecent
例　The vulgar man spoke with indecency in front of women and children. 这个粗俗的男人当着妇女和孩子的面说话很下流。

indefinite
indefinite［ɪn'defɪnɪt］
adj. 模糊的；不明确的〈同 uncertain〉
例　You should give the worker a deadline, not an indefinite time, to finish this work. 你应该给工人规定一个完成工作的最后日期，而不是给他们一个不明确的时间。

indent
indent［ɪn'dent］
vt. 切割成锯齿状〈同　dent, notch〉
例　The mountains indent the horizon with their peaks. 群山的山峰让地平线凹凸不平。

indent
indent［ɪn'dent］
vt. 使成锯齿形，使成犬牙状
解　to make notches or jags in (an edge, line, border, etc.)
例　His punch indented a hole in the wall. 他用穿孔机在墙上钻了一个洞。

independence
independence［ˌɪndɪ'pendəns］
n. 独立，自主〈同 freedom〉
例　The rebels fought to win independence for their country. 反抗者为赢得国家的独立而战斗。

indict
indict［ɪn'daɪt］
v. 控告，起诉
解　to charge with a crime
例　The police found his fingerprints at the scene of the crime and indicted him for a criminal offense. 警察在犯罪现场发现了他的指纹，于是控告他犯罪。
同　indictment n. 起诉

indifferent
indifferent　［ɪnˈdɪfrənt］
adj. 不感兴趣的，漠不关心的〈同 apathetic〉
例 Because she felt no desire to marry, she was indifferent to his constant proposals. 因为她没有结婚的欲望，所以对他的屡次求婚无动于衷。
记 in（不）+ different（不同的）→没有不同的→对任何事都同样不感兴趣→漠不关心的
联 indifference n. 冷漠，不关心

indigestion
indigestion［ˌɪndɪ'ʤestʃən］
n. 消化不良〈同　dyspepsia〉
例　You'll give yourself indigestion if you swallow your dinner so quickly. 如果你晚饭吃得太快，会消化不良的。

indignant
indignant［ɪn'dɪgnənt］
adj.（因错事或不公正的事而）愤怒的，愤慨的〈同 angry〉
例　He was indignant when his girlfriend didn't show up at his mother's birthday party. 他女朋友没有在他母亲的生日派对上露面，这让他很愤怒。

indiscriminate
indiscriminate［ˌɪndɪ'skrɪmɪnət］
adj. 不加选择的〈同　random, undistinguishing〉
例　He bought many useless things because of his indiscriminate shopping habits. 由于不加选择的购物习惯，他买了许多无用的东西。

indispensable
indispensable　［ˌɪndɪˈspensəbəl］
adj. 不可缺少的，必需的〈同 essential〉
例 Air, food and water are indispensable for life. 空气、食物和水是生存不可缺少之物。
记 in（不）+ dispensable（不必要的）→不是不必要的→必需的

individual
individual　［ˌɪndɪˈvɪdjʊəl］
n. 个人，个体〈同 person〉
例 Every individual has certain rights which must never be taken away. 每个人都享有某些不能被剥夺的权利。
adj. 个别的，单独的〈同 separate〉
例 Each individual table is finished by hand. 每一张桌子都是手工制成的。
联 individualism n. 个人主义；individually adv. 个别地

indomitable
indomitable［ɪn'dɒmɪtəbəl］
adj. 不可征服的，坚强不屈的
解　impossible to subdue
例　The businesswoman had an indomitable spirit, allowing her to succeed in the business world. 这位女商人有着不屈不挠的精神，这使得她在商界获得了成功。
构　in (=not) + domit (=to master) + able

induce
induce［ɪn'dju:s; (US)ɪn'du:s］
vt. 诱使，促使；导致〈同 influence, cause〉
例　She was induced to move out of the city because of the increase in crime. 犯罪率上升促使她搬离这座城市。

inducement
inducement［ɪn'dju:smənt］
n. 引诱物，诱因
解　something which provides encouragement to do something
例　He drank coffee as an inducement to stay awake. 他靠喝咖啡来保持清醒。
同　induce v. 诱导；引起

indulge
indulge［ɪn'dʌlʤ］
v.（使）沉溺（于）；纵容〈同 pamper〉
例　Janet is an easily angered person and often indulges in fits of temper. 珍妮特是一个很容易生气的人，她经常动不动就发脾气。

indurate
indurate［'ɪndjʊəreɪt］
v. 使坚固，使僵硬
解　to become harden or unfeeling
例　The farmer's hands were indurated by the years of hard work. 这个农民的双手因为多年辛苦劳作而变得粗糙。

industrious
industrious［ɪn'dʌstrɪəs］
adj. 勤勉的；勤奋的〈同 assiduous, diligent〉
例　Janet is a very industrious assistant; she works day in and day out. 珍妮特是一个非常勤奋的助理，没白天没黑夜地工作。

inert
inert［ɪ'nɜ:t］
adj. 惰性的；不活泼的〈同 inactive〉
例　Helium and neon are inert gases. 氦和氖是惰性气体。

inevitable
inevitable　［ɪnˈevɪtəbəl］
adj. 不可避免的，必然的〈同 unavoidable〉
例 When you eat too much and don't exercise, it is inevitable that you will gain weight. 如果你吃得太多，又不锻炼，增肥肯定是不可避免的。
记 in（不）+evitable（可避免的）→不可避免的
联 inevitability n. 必然性

inextricably
inextricably［ɪn'ekstrɪkəbli］
adv. 无法摆脱地〈同　inseparably, inevitably〉
例　Our fates were inextricably combined from the moment we married. 我们的命运自从我们结婚的那一刻起便已经牢牢地结合在了一起。

infant
infant　［ˈɪnfənt］
n. 婴儿，幼儿〈同 baby〉
例 Susan laid the infant down for a nap. 苏珊把婴儿放下睡个午觉。
联 infancy n. 幼年

infect
infect　［ɪnˈfekt］
v. ①（疾病）传染〈同 contaminate〉
例 All the tomato plants are infected with a virus. 所有番茄植株都感染了一种病毒。
例 Mahatma Gandhi's struggle for freedom infected the whole nation. 圣雄甘地为自由进行的斗争感染了整个国家。
联 infection n. 传染（病）；infectious adj. 传染性的，易传染的

infection
infection［ɪn'fekʃən］
n. 感染
解　a causing of disease in people, animals, and plants by the introduction of germs or viruses
例　Without proper medical treatment, a deep cut can turn into an unwanted infection. 伤口如果很深又得不到正确的医疗护理，就可能受到不必要的感染。

infectious
infectious［ɪn'fekʃəs］
adj. 传染性的，易传染的〈同 contagious〉
例　Don't approach her; because she has an infectious disease. 不要接近她，她有传染病。

infer
infer［ɪn'fɜ:(r)］
v. 推论，推断〈同 deduce〉
例　I inferred from the smell that he had just smoked. 我从他身上的气味可以推断出他刚抽完烟。

inferior
inferior［ɪn'fɪərɪə(r)］
adj.（质量等）差的；（等级、社会地位等）较低的〈同 poor, lower〉
例　She's so clever, and she makes me feel inferior. 她太聪明了，让我自惭形秽。

infertile
infertile［ɪn'fɜ:taɪl］
adj. 不肥沃的；不结果实的〈同　barren〉
例　The desert is particularly infertile of most kinds of vegetation. 大多数种类的植物都无法在沙漠里生长。

infest
infest［ɪn'fest］
vt. 骚扰；大批滋生〈同　overrun, swarm〉
例　This house is infested with rats so we will need to buy some cats. 这栋房子里老鼠泛滥成灾，我们需要买几只猫。

infiltrate
infiltrate［'ɪnfɪltreɪt］
vt. 使透过，渗透〈同　spread to, permeate〉
例　At night, they had managed to infiltrate the enemy ranks and blow up the bridge. 在晚上，他们成功地闯入敌军阵地，并炸毁了大桥。

infinite
infinite　［ˈɪnfɪnət］
adj. 无限的，无穷的
例 The universe is theoretically infinite. 从理论上来说，宇宙是无限的。
记 in（无）+ fin（结束）+ ite→没有结束的→无穷的
联 infinity n. 无限，无穷大；infinitesimal adj. 无限小的 n. 无限小

infinite
infinite［'ɪnfɪnət］
adj. 无穷的，无限的
解　without limits or bounds; endless
例　The number of stars in the universe is almost infinite. 宇宙中星星的数量几乎是无穷的。
同　finite adj. 有限的
构　in (=not) + fin (=end) + ite

infinitesimal
infinitesimal［ɪnˌfɪnə'tesɪməl］
adj. 极微小的
解　infinitely or immeasurably small; tiny
例　High-powered microscopes have made infinitesimal objects visible. 高性能的显微镜使得极微小的物体变得可见。

infinity
infinity［ɪn'fɪnəti］
n. 无限的时间或空间
解　boundless or immeasurable extension or duration
例　The infinity of the universe transcends logic. 宇宙的无穷无尽超越了逻辑的范畴。

inflate
inflate［ɪn'fleɪt］
vt. 使膨胀，使充气〈同　expand, fill with air or gas〉
例　He should inflate the tires of his bike before the long trip. 他在长途骑行之前，应该给自行车轮胎充气。

inflation
inflation　［ɪnˈfleɪʃən］
n. 通货膨胀
例 The country's inflation became so serious that many families stopped eating at restaurants and only ate at home. 这个国家的通货膨胀变得太严重了，以至于许多家庭不再去饭店吃饭，而是只在家里做饭吃。

inflexible
inflexible［ɪn'fleksəbəl］
adj. 坚定的〈同　rigid, stiff〉
例　Jacky's parents were inflexible and would not allow her to go out the night before exams. 雅基的父母非常坚决，考试之前不允许她在晚上出去。

inflict
inflict［ɪn'flɪkt］
vt. 造成；使遭受（痛苦、损伤等）〈同 cause, impose〉
例　The economic depression has inflicted heavy losses in Asia. 经济衰退使亚洲遭受了重大的损失。

influence
influence　［ˈɪnflʊəns］
n. 影响力；影响
例 Violence on TV may turn out to be a potent influence on some young people. 结果证明，电视上的暴力可能会对年轻人产生很大的影响。
vt. 影响，改变〈同 affect〉
例 Media coverage is directly influencing how the public responds to the war. 媒体报道直接影响着公众对战争的反应。
联 influential adj. 有影响的

influence
influence［'ɪnflʊəns］
n./v. 影响
解　n. power of acting on others and having an effect without using force v. to have an influence on
例　Use your influence to persuade your friends to join our club. 利用你的影响力来说服你的朋友们加入我们的俱乐部吧。

influential
influential［ˌɪnflʊ'en∫əl］
adj. 有影响的；有权势的〈同　significant; powerful〉
例　She wanted to work for a bigger and more influential newspaper. 她希望能为一家规模更大、更具影响力的报社工作。

influential
influential［ˌɪnflʊ'enʃəl］
adj. 有影响力的
解　having much influence
例　The influential politician was widely respected by both parties as well as the general public. 这位有影响力的政治家受到两个政党和普通群众的广泛尊敬。

influenza
influenza［ˌɪnflʊ'enzə］
n. 流行性感冒
例　His case of influenza was very severe and he stayed in bed for three days. 他的流感非常严重，他在床上躺了三天。

influx
influx［'ɪnflʌks］
n. 流入，汇集〈同　arrival, inward flow〉
例　The recent influx of immigrants caused a housing shortage in the small town. 最近的移民潮造成这个小镇的住房短缺。

influx
influx［'ɪnflʌks］
n. 流入
解　flowing into
例　The influx of refugees into the country has taxed the relief agencies severely. 难民涌入这个国家，给救济机构带来了沉重的压力。

informal
informal［ɪn'fɔ:məl］
adj. 不拘礼节的，随便的；非正式的〈同　casual; unofficial〉
例　Colloquialisms, expressions which are characteristic of informal spoken language, are often considered inappropriate for more formal written language. 口语，即以非正式的口头语言为特点的表达，通常被认为不适合用于更加正式的书面文字中。

informed
informed［ɪn'fɔ:md］
adj. 受过教育的，见多识广的〈同　educated, knowledgeable〉
例　The student read professional magazines to stay informed of any recent discoveries in his field. 为了了解他所研究领域的最新发现，那名学生坚持阅读专业杂志。

infraction
infraction［ɪn'frækʃən］
n. 违法
解　a breaking of a law or obligation; violation
例　The company was sued for its infraction of the copyrights of a rival company. 该公司因侵犯其竞争对手的版权而被起诉。
构　in (=in, into, against) + fract (=to break) + ion

infuse
infuse［ɪn'fju:z］
vt. 注入，灌输〈同　ingrain, instill〉
例　A good manager infuses energy into the workers. 一名好的管理者会给下属注入能量。

infuse
infuse［ɪn'fju:z］
v. 灌输；使…充满
解　to teach and impress by frequent repetitions or admonitions
例　The new manager infused enthusiasm and responsibility in the staff. 新上任的经理向员工灌输了热情与责任。

ingenious
ingenious［ɪn'ʤi:nɪəs］
adj. 机灵的，有独创性的〈同 clever, inventive〉
例　Bob devised an ingenious plan to cheat on his income tax. 鲍勃设计了一个巧妙的计划来逃避所得税。

ingredient
ingredient　［ɪnˈɡriːdɪənt］
n. 原料；成分〈同 component〉
例 Flour, milk, butter and yeast are some ingredients in bread. 面粉、牛奶、黄油和酵母是制作面包的几种原料。

inhabit
inhabit［ɪn'hæbɪt］
vt. 居住于，栖息于〈同 live in, occupy〉
例　These remote islands are inhabited only by some animals. 只有一些动物在这些偏僻的岛屿上生存。

inhabitant
inhabitant　［ɪnˈhæbɪtənt］
n. 居民，住户〈同 resident〉
例 San Francisco's Chinese community, comprising 67,000 inhabitants, is the largest concentration of Chinese outside of Asia. 旧金山的华人社区共有67,000名居民，是亚洲之外最大的华人聚集地。

inherent
inherent［ɪn'hɪərənt］
adj. 固有的，内在的〈同 intrinsic, built in〉
例　The ability to fly is an inherent trait of birds. 飞翔是鸟儿与生俱来的本领。

inherit
inherit　［ɪnˈherɪt］
vt. 继承〈同 succeed〉
例 Every person inherits some qualities from his forefathers. 每个人都从祖先那里继承了一些品质。
联 inheritance n. 遗产

inhibit
inhibit［ɪn'hɪbɪt］
vt. 抑制，阻止〈同 restrain, deter〉
例　Poverty inhibited him from going to school to study. 他穷得上不起学。

inimitable
inimitable［ɪ'nɪmɪtəbəl］
adj. 无法仿效的，不可比拟的
解　incapable of being imitated or equaled
例　Faulkner's inimitable writing style has made his name synonymous with his style. 福克纳独特的写作风格使他的名字成了其风格的代名词。
构　in (=not) + imit (=to mimic) + able

initial
initial　［ɪˈnɪʃəl］
adj. 最初的，初始的〈同 foremost〉
例 Woodcutting, the initial form of printmaking, appeared in Europe at the beginning of the 15th century. 版画制作的原始形式——木雕——在15世纪初出现在欧洲。
联 initially adv. 最初，开始；initiate vt. 创始；提出

initiate
initiate［ɪ'nɪʃɪeɪt］
vt. 开始，发起〈同 begin, originate〉
例　Although Canada's Parliament can neither administer or enforce laws nor initiate policy, it does have the power to make laws and vote on the allocation of funds. 尽管加拿大议会既没有执法的权力，也没有启动政策的权力，但是它有权力制定法律，并且在资金分配方面有投票权。

inject
inject［ɪn'ʤekt］
vt. 注射；注入，灌输〈同 infuse〉
例　A nurse has to take care not to inject air into the patient's bloodstream. 护士必须要小心，不要把空气注射到患者的血液里。

innate
innate［ɪ'neɪt］
adj. 先天的，天生的〈同　inborn, congenital〉
例　His innate cunning allowed him to see through the spy's subterfuge. 他天生狡猾，这让他能够看穿那个间谍的诡计。

innermost
innermost［'ɪnəməʊst］
adj. 最里面的；内心的，秘密的〈同　most personal〉
例　Jasper told his best friend his innermost secrets. 贾斯珀把内心深处的秘密告诉了他最好的朋友。

innocent
innocent　［ˈɪnəsənt］
adj. 无辜的，清白的；天真的〈同 naive〉
例 It was an innocent remark. I didn't mean to hurt his feelings. 这话没有恶意。我并不想伤害他的感情。

innovation
innovation［ˌɪnə'veɪʃən］
n. 改革，创新〈同 novelty〉
例　The inventor felt that his self-polishing shoes would be an important innovation in the fashion industry. 发明人认为他的免擦鞋可能是时尚界一项重要的发明。

innumerable
innumerable［ɪ'nju:mərəbəl］
adj. 无数的，数不清的〈同 countless〉
例　Stars in the summer sky are so innumerable that nobody would try to count them. 夏天夜空中的星星多得数不清。

inquiry
inquiry［ɪn'kwaɪəri］
n. 询问
解　a search for information, knowledge, or truth; question
例　Since her package did not arrive on time, she filed an inquiry with the post office. 由于她的包裹没有按时送到，她向邮局提交了查询申请。
同　inquire v. 询问
构　in (=into) + quir (=to search) + y

inquisition
inquisition［ˌɪnkwɪ'zɪʃən］
n. 调查
解　official inquiry
例　The post office's inquisition of the lost package determined that it had been sent to another country by accident. 通过调查，邮局确定丢失的包裹已被意外送到了另一个国家。

inquisitive
inquisitive［ɪn'kwɪzɪtɪv］
adj. 过分好问的，好奇的
解　given to questioning, especially out of curiosity
例　Children are known to have inquisitive minds that are like sponges to new information. 众所周知，孩子们有着好奇的头脑，就像海绵一样，不断吸收新的知识。
构　in (=into) + quis (=to ask, to seek) + itive

insane
insane［ɪn'seɪn］
adj. 精神失常的，疯狂的〈同 crazy〉
例　The teacher refused their insane plea to cross the ocean in a canoe. 老师拒绝了他们乘坐独木舟横跨海洋的疯狂要求。

insert
insert　［ɪnˈsɜːt］
vt. 插入〈同 input〉
例 He inserted the key into the lock to open the door. 他把钥匙插进锁里来打开门。

insight
insight［'ɪnsaɪt］
n. 洞察力，见识〈同 understanding〉
例　Alice's insight into the stock market was incredible and helped her make a large sum of money. 艾丽斯对股市敏锐的洞察力使她赚了很多钱。

insomnia
insomnia［ɪn'sɔmnɪə］
n. 失眠症
解　an inability to sleep, chronic sleeplessness
例　She could not sleep for one week because of a bad case of insomnia. 由于严重失眠，她已经一个礼拜都睡不着觉了。
近　insignia n. 徽章；袖章

inspect
inspect［ɪn'spekt］
vt. 检查；审查〈同 look over, examine〉
例　You should inspect the car before buying it. 在买车之前，你应该验车。

inspire
inspire　［ɪnˈspaɪə(r)］
vt. 鼓舞；给…以灵感〈同 encourage；inspirit 〉
例 The coach inspired his players to win the game. 教练鼓舞队员赢得比赛。
联 inspiring adj. 使人振奋的，鼓舞的；inspiration n. 灵感

install
install　［ɪnˈstɔːl］
vt. 安装，设置〈同 set up〉
例 The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine. 管道工明天会来安装新洗衣机。
联 installation n. 安装；就职；installment n. 分期付款

installment
installment［ɪn'stɔ:lmənt］
n. 分期付款〈同 hire purchase〉
例　The table cost $100; we paid for it in two installments of $50 each. 这张桌子100美元，我们分两期付款，每期50美元。

instantaneous
instantaneous［ˌɪnstən'teɪnɪəs］
adj. 瞬间的，即刻的〈同 instant〉
例　He gave me an instantaneous response without considering his words first. 他没有先斟酌语言，就马上回答了我。

instinct
instinct　［ˈɪnstɪŋkt］
n. 本能，直觉〈同 intuition〉
例 The dog's instinct is to chase the cat. 狗的本能是追逐猫。
记 in（在…里面）+ stin（站，立）+ ct→站在里面的东西→本能
联 instinctive adj. 天生的，本能的

institute
institute［'ɪnstɪtju:t; (US)'ɪnstɪtu:t］
n. 学院；学会，协会
例　An art institute teaches or displays art. 艺术学院讲授艺术知识或者展览艺术品。
vt. 制定；开始；着手（调查等）〈同 start, establish〉
例　The police instituted a probe into the murder. 警察就谋杀案展开调查。

instructive
instructive［ɪn'strʌktɪv］
adj. 有益的；教育性的〈同　didactic, enlightening〉
例　The book about management was very instructive for beginners. 那本关于管理的书对于初学者来说非常有益。

instrument
instrument　［ˈɪnstrʊmənt］
n. 仪器；工具；乐器〈同 tool〉
例 The flute and the piano are both musical instruments. 长笛和钢琴都是乐器。
联 instrumentalist n. 器乐家，器乐演奏者

instrumental
instrumental［ˌɪnstrʊ'mentəl］
adj. 有帮助的，可作为手段的〈同 effective, helpful〉
例　Radio and television are instrumental in providing information to the public. 广播和电视有助于为公众提供信息。

insularity
insularity［ˌɪnsjʊ'lærəti; 'ɪnsə-］
n. 岛国性格，孤陋寡闻，心胸狭窄
解　narrow-mindedness; isolation
例　The insularity of the islanders manifested itself in their suspicion of anything foreign. 岛上居民的褊狭性表现在他们怀疑一切外来事物。

insulate
insulate［'ɪnsjʊleɪt; (US)'ɪnsəleɪt］
vt. 使绝缘或隔热；隔离〈同 isolate〉
例　Telephone wires are often insulated by a covering of rubber. 电话线通常由橡胶包裹绝缘。

insulate
insulate［'ɪnsjʊleɪt］
v. 使绝缘；使隔离
解　to cover or separate something with non-conducting materials; to isolate
例　The polar bear's fur insulates it from the arctic cold. 北极熊的皮毛能抵御极寒。
构　insul (=island) + ate (=to make)

insulin
insulin［'ɪnsjʊlɪn; (US)'ɪnsəlɪn］
n. 胰岛素
解　a hormone secreted by the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas
例　Without his injection of insulin, the diabetic patient would die. 如果不注射胰岛素，这个糖尿病患者就会丧命。

insult
insult　［ɪnˈsʌlt］
vt. 侮辱，凌辱〈同 offend〉
例 After he drank of all my wine, he began to insult all of my friends. 他把我的酒都喝光了之后，就开始辱骂我所有的朋友。
联 insulting adj. 侮辱的

insurance
insurance［ɪn'ʃʊərəns］
n. 保险；保险费，保险单〈同 protection, assurance〉
例　Fire, burglary, accident, life and health are some of the many kinds of insurance. 保险有许多种：火险、盗窃险、交通意外险、人身意外险以及健康险等。

insurmountable
insurmountable［ˌɪnsə'maʊntəbəl］
adj. 不能克服的，不能超越的〈同　insuperable, overwhelming〉
例　The champion never thought anything was insurmountable. 那名冠军认为没有事情是不能克服的。

intact
intact［ɪn'tækt］
adj. 尚未被人碰过的，完整的〈同 whole, unaltered〉
例　The building remained intact after hundreds of years solely because it was carefully designed and constructed. 这栋建筑在数百年之后仍完整无损，就是因为它是精心设计和建造的。

integral
integral［'ɪntɪgrəl］
adj. 整体的；构成整体所需要的〈同 complete, essential〉
例　He is an integral part of the team and we can't win without him. 他是我们队不可或缺的一部分，没有他我们不可能获胜。

integral
integral［'ɪntɪɡrəl］
adj. ① 完整的 ② 构成整体所必需的
解　① entire ② necessary to make something complete; essential
例　Steel is an integral part of a modern skyscraper. 钢铁是现代摩天大楼不可缺少的组成部分。

integrate
integrate　［ˈɪntɪgreɪt］
vt. 使成为整体，使一体化〈同 unify, synthesize〉
例 One of the reasons for the opera's popularity is that it integrates oriental culture and western culture successfully. 那部歌剧大受欢迎的原因之一，是剧中成功地融合了东西方文化。
联 disintegrate v.（使）分解，(使）碎裂；integrated adj. 完整的；综合的；integration n. 综合；integrity n. 正直，诚实

integrate
integrate［'ɪntɪɡreɪt］
v. 使成整体
解　to make whole; to make into one unit
例　The revolutionary artist integrated eastern and western art. 这位具有革新精神的艺术家将东西方的艺术融合在了一起。
近　disinter v. 挖出，掘土

integrity
integrity［ɪn'tegrəti］
n. 完整性；正直，诚实〈同 honesty〉
例　A person of integrity is respected. 正直的人赢得尊敬。

integrity
integrity［ɪn'teɡrɪti］
n. ① 完整 ② 正直，诚实
解　① wholeness; completeness ② honesty or sincerity; uprightness
例　A person of integrity is respected. 正直的人受人尊敬。

intellect
intellect［'ɪntɪlekt］
n. 智力，理解力
例　Early philosophers believed that the mind was divided into three faculties known as emotion, intellect and will. 早期的哲学家认为头脑有三种功能：情感、智力和意志。

intelligent
intelligent［ɪn'telɪʤənt］
adj. 聪明的，有才智的〈同　ingenious, bright〉
例　He was usually intelligent, but when inebriated he became slowwitted. 他通常情况下都非常聪明，但在喝醉的时候就会变得迟钝。

intelligible
intelligible［ɪn'tenlɪʤəbəl］
adj. 明了的，可理解的〈同 understandable〉
例　The biology article is not really intelligible unless you already know a lot about genetics. 除非你了解很多遗传学的知识，否则你很难读懂这篇生物学文章。

intense
intense　［ɪnˈtens］
adj. 强烈的，剧烈的；紧张的
例 She felt intense pain when she broke her leg. 腿摔断的时候，她感到一阵剧痛。
记 in（不）+ tense（伸展）→拉到了不能再拉的地方→强烈的；紧张的
联 intensify v. 加强，强化；intensity n. 强烈，强度；intensive adj. 加强的；密集的，集中的

intensify
intensify［ɪn'tensɪfaɪ］
vt. 加强；扩大〈同 strengthen, magnify〉
例　We'll have to intensify our efforts if we want to finish this project on time. 如果我们想按时完成这个项目，就得更加努力。

intensify
intensify［ɪn'tensɪfaɪ］
vt. 加强，强化
解　to increase in extent or intensity; to make more intense, stronger, or more marked
例　The heat of the sunny day intensified when the clouds evaporated. 云散去后，天空晴朗，气温也升高了。
同　intense adj. 激烈的；intensity n. 紧张；强烈，剧烈

intensive
intensive［ɪn'tensɪv］
adj. 加强的；集中的，密集的〈同 thorough, concentrated〉
例　Janet took an intensive TOEFL course and gained a relatively high score. 珍妮特参加了一个托福强化班，取得了比较高的分数。

intent
intent［ɪn'tent］
n. 意图〈同 purpose〉
例　I'm sorry if I hurt you; that wasn't my intent. 如果伤到你了，对不起，我不是有意的。

intentionally
intentionally［ɪn'ten∫ənəli］
adv. 有意地，特意地〈同　deliberately, consciously〉
例　She intentionally lied to her parents so they would not know the truth. 她故意对父母撒谎，这样他们就不会知道真相了。

interaction
interaction［ˌɪntər'ækʃən］
n. 相互作用（影响）
解　a mutual or reciprocal action; interacting
例　The study found that the interaction people have with their parents as they grow up is pivotal in creating a sound psychological foundation for them. 研究发现，人们在成长过程中与父母间的相互影响，对他们形成健康的心理基础至关重要。

intercede
intercede［ˌɪntə'si:d］
v. 调解
解　to act to reconcile
例　The referee had to intercede in the fight between the two basketball players. 裁判不得不对两个篮球运动员之间的冲突进行调解。
同　intercessor n. 代为求情者，调解人
构　inter (=between) + ced (=to go) + e

interfere
interfere　［ˌɪntəˈfɪə(r)］
例 She never had children because they would have interfered with her dancing career. 她从未要过孩子，因为孩子会妨碍她的舞蹈事业。
联 interference n. 冲突；干涉

interfere
interfere［ˌɪntə'fɪə(r)］
v. 干涉
解　to come between so as to be a hindrance or obstacle
例　It is not customary for people to interfere in the issues between husband and wife. 人们通常不会干涉夫妻之间的事情。
同　interference n. 干预

interim
interim［'ɪntərɪm］
n. 中间时期，过渡时期〈同 interval〉
例　The new secretary starts in June, but in the interim we have to type letters by ourselves. 新秘书六月份上岗，在这之前，我们得自己打字。

interim
interim［'ɪntərɪm］
adj. 暂时的 n. 中间时期，过渡时期
解　for the meantime; temporary n. time between; the meantime
例　After the previous director suddenly passed away, an interim director was selected until the trustees could vote on the candidates for the position. 前任董事突然去世了，董事会选定了一个临时董事，在董事会成员对竞选董事职位的候选人作出表决之前来处理相关事务。

interior
interior　［ɪnˈtɪərɪə(r)］
n./adj. 内部（的）〈同 inside, internal〉
例 Although the outside of the car was painted black, the interior was red. 虽然车的外部被刷成了黑色，但里面却是红色的。
记 inter（内部）+ior→内部的

interject
interject［ˌɪntə'ʤekt］
vt. 插嘴，突然插入
解　to insert between other elements
例　The newspaper reporter tried to interject a question while the spokesman was speaking. 发言人正在讲话的时候，一名记者试图插入一个问题。
同　interjection n. 感叹词；突然呼喊，感叹

interlocking
interlocking［ˌɪntə'lɒkɪŋ］
adj. 连锁的，关联的
例　The simplest and strongest framework is a system of interlocking triangles, similar to those we see supporting bridges and the roofs of houses. 最简单而又最牢固的框架，是用互相咬合的三角形组成的系统，类似于我们见过的支护桥梁和屋顶的结构。

interloper
interloper［'ɪntələʊpə(r)］
n. 闯入者；（为图私利）干涉他人事务者
解　intruder
例　The merchant thought of his competitors as interlopers who were stealing his trade. 这位商人把他的竞争对手看成是想抢他生意的侵入者。

intermediate
intermediate　［ˌɪntəˈmiːdɪət］
adj. 中间的；中级的〈同 middle〉
例 After I complete the introductory course, I will go on to the intermediate level. 完成基础入门课程之后，我会继续学习中级课程。
记 inter（在中间）+medi（中间）+ate→中间的
联 intermediary adj. 媒介的；中间的

intermission
intermission［ɪntə'mɪʃən］
n. 暂停，间歇
解　a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something
例　There were two intermissions during the orchestra concert so the audience could rest and the musicians could reorganize. 管弦音乐会期间有两次幕间休息，这样观众可以休息一会儿，乐师也可以休整一下。

intermittent
intermittent［ˌɪntə'mɪtənt］
adj. 间歇的，断断续续的〈同 periodic, recurrent〉
例　Many infants are hit by intermittent fevers. 许多婴儿患有间歇热。

intermittent
intermittent［ˌɪntə'mɪtənt］
adj. 断断续续的，间歇的
解　coming at intervals
例　You cannot hope to make good at this job by exerting intermittent efforts; you must do your best every day and every hour of the day. 如果你总是三天打鱼两天晒网，你就不可能做好这份工作。你必须每时每刻都付出自己最大的努力。
构　inter (=between) + mit (=to send) + tent

internal
internal［ɪn'tɜ:nəl］
adj. 内在的〈同 inside, interior〉
例　The accident victim had internal injuries, although he looked good from the outside. 那位交通事故受害者受了内伤，虽然从外表上看他没什么事。

interpersonal
interpersonal［ˌɪntə'pɜ:sənəl］
adj. 人与人之间的；关于人与人之间关系的
例　Her interpersonal skills were so good that she was promoted to public relations manager. 她的人际交往能力非常出色，因此她很快就被提拔为公关经理。

interpolate
interpolate［ɪn'tɜ:pəleɪt］
v. 插入（额外的事）；篡改
解　to insert words into texts or a conversation
例　She talked so much that I could not interpolate a single remark. 她说个不停，我一句话都插不进去。
同　interpolation n. 插入；篡改

interpret
interpret　［ɪnˈtɜːprɪt］
v. 解释，说明〈同 explain〉
例 Many people are interpreting the minister's statement as meaning that she intends to resign. 许多人把部长的声明解释成她打算辞职。
联 interpretation n. 解释

interrupt
interrupt［ˌɪntə'rʌpt］
vt. 中断；打断，打扰
解　to break the continuity of; break in upon a person's action, speech, etc.
例　It is not polite to interrupt when someone is talking. 打断别人说话是不礼貌的。
同　interruption n. 打断
构　inter (=between) + rupt (=to break)

intersect
intersect［ˌɪntə'sekt］
vi. 相交〈同　cross, meet〉
例　The two famous streets were intentionally designed to intersect at the national monument. 这两条著名的街道被有意设计成在国家纪念碑前交汇。

intersperse
intersperse［ˌɪntə'sp:s］
v. 点缀，散布
解　to place at intervals in or among
例　The grass was interspersed with beds of flowers. 草地被花坛点缀着。

interval
interval　［ˈɪntəvəl］
n. 间隔时间〈同 pause〉
例 Katy went to the bathroom during the five-minute interval between the second and third acts of the play. 在这部戏第二场和第三场之间的五分钟间隔期间，凯蒂去了一趟洗手间。

interval
interval［'ɪntəvəl］
n. 间隔，空隙
解　the time between two events
例　The runner practiced by sprinting and jogging in intervals. 这个跑步者通过快跑与慢跑相结合的方式来训练。
近　internal adj. 内部的

intervene
intervene［ˌɪntə'vi:n］
vi. 介入，干涉〈同 interfere〉
例　The Central Bank intervened in the currency markets today in order to try to stabilize the exchange rate. 中央银行今天干预了货币市场以稳定汇率。

intimate
intimate　［ˈɪntɪmət］
adj. ① 亲密的〈同 close〉
例 The lovers became very intimate and decided to get married. 那对情侣变得非常亲密，并决定结婚。
例 Professor Green has the most intimate understanding of physics than any other professor at our university. 格林教授对物理学有最深刻的了解，远远超过了我们大学的其他教授。
联 intimacy n. 亲密，熟悉

intimidate
intimidate［ɪn'tɪmɪdeɪt］
vt. 恐吓〈同 scare〉
例　The defendant intimidated the witness into keeping mum. 被告威胁目击证人使其保持沉默。

intoxication
intoxication［ɪnˌtɒksɪ'keɪ∫ən］
n. 陶醉；醉酒〈同　inebriation; drunkenness〉
例　A driver in a state of intoxication is not allowed to drive. 司机在醉酒状态下是不允许开车的。

intrepid
intrepid［ɪn'trepɪd］
adj. 勇敢的〈同　courageous, brave〉
例　This new biography provides a fascinating account of the adventures of one of our most intrepid explorers. 这本新的传记讲述了我们中的一位最勇敢的探险家精彩的冒险经历。

intricate
intricate［'ɪntrɪkɪt］
adj. 复杂的，错综的〈同 complex〉
例　The police officers who interrogated the suspects were involved in an intricate web of deceit. 审问嫌疑犯的警察被卷入了错综复杂的谎言里。

intriguing
intriguing［ɪn'tri:gɪŋ］
adj. 吸引人的，引起兴趣（或好奇心）的〈同 interesting〉
例　The book's intriguing title caught my attention. 这本书的书名很有趣，引起了我的注意。

intrinsic
intrinsic［ɪn'trɪnsɪk］
adj. 固有的，内在的〈同 inherent〉
例　The intrinsic value of the jewellery is very little, but because it was owned by a film star its actual value is very high. 这件珠宝本身很便宜，但由于它曾属于一位电影明星，所以实际价值很高。

introspective
introspective［ˌɪntrəʊ'spektɪv］
adj. 自省的，反省的〈同　self-examining, introverted〉
例　We all have our introspective moments during which we examine our souls. 我们都会有反省的时刻，在那时候，我们会检视自己的灵魂。

intrusion
intrusion［ɪn'tru:ʒən］
n. 侵扰，干扰〈同　encroachment, infringement〉
例　They complained about excessive government intrusion into their private activities. 他们抱怨政府过多地干预他们的私人活动。

intuition
intuition［ˌɪntju:'ɪʃən; (US)ˌɪntu:'ɪʃən］
n. 直觉；直觉知识；直觉感知的事〈同 instinct〉
例　Her intuition told her it was dangerous to drive across this old wooden bridge. 直觉告诉她，驱车穿过这座古老的木桥是危险的。

inundate
inundate［'ɪnʌndeɪt］
vt. 淹没〈同　flood, overflow〉
例　The dam will release water that will inundate the city. 大坝将进行泄洪，而洪水将淹没那座城市。

invade
invade　［ɪnˈveɪd］
v. 侵略，侵犯〈同 aggress〉
例 Famous people often find their privacy is invaded by the press. 名人经常会发现自己的隐私被媒体侵犯了。
联 invasion n. 入侵；invader n. 侵略者

invalid
invalid［ɪn'væli:d］
adj. 无效的〈同 void〉
例　All passes for the movie are invalid on weekends. 这部电影的所有免费入场券在周末都无效。

invariably
invariably［ɪn'verɪəbəli］
adv. 不变地，总是〈同 constantly, always〉
例　The trains are invariably late so there's no need to hurry. 列车总是晚点，所以不用着急。

inventory
inventory［'ɪnvəntəri; (US)'ɪnvəntɔ:ri］
n. 存货清单；库存品〈同 check list〉
例　The clerk checked the inventory to see if large paper clips were available. 店员查看存货清单，想知道大号回形针是否还有货。

invert
invert［ɪn'vɜ:t］
vt. 上下倒置；倒转〈同 turn upside down〉
例　I inverted the pan and the cake dropped onto the table. 我弄翻了锅，蛋糕掉在了桌子上。

invertebrate
invertebrate［ɪn'vɜ:tɪbrət; -breɪt］
n./adj. 无脊椎动物（的）
例　Worms and flies are examples of invertebrates. 蠕虫和苍蝇都是典型的无脊椎动物。

investigate
investigate　［ɪnˈvestɪɡeɪt］
vt. 调查，研究〈同 explore, research〉
例 Police are investigating allegations of corruption and bribery involving senior executives in the company. 警方正在调查关于这家公司的高管贪污受贿的指控。
联 investigation n. 调查

inviting
inviting［ɪn'vaɪtɪŋ］
adj. 诱人的，引人动心的〈同　attractive, tempting〉
例　The freshly baked chocolate cake sitting on the table looked very inviting to the hungry boys. 桌子上那个新鲜烘培的巧克力蛋糕对饥饿的男孩们来说，非常具有吸引力。

involuntary
involuntary［ɪn'vɒləntəri］
adj. 不知不觉的，无意识的〈同　automatic, unintentional〉
例　When the doctor hit her knee with a hammer, her leg responded with an involuntary jerk. 当医生用锤子敲击她的膝盖时，她的腿会做出下意识的膝跳反应。

involve
involve　［ɪnˈvɒlv］
vt. 包括；潜心于，使陷于〈同 include〉
例 She involved herself in many activities to meet new friends. 她参加了很多活动来认识新朋友。
联 involvement n. 连累；包含

irony
irony［'aɪərəni］
n. 反讽，讽刺〈同 satire〉
例　The tallest person was called“Shorty”in irony. 个子最高的人被反讽为矮子。

irreducible
irreducible［ˌɪrɪ'dju:səbəl］
adj. 不能复归的，不能削减的；【数】不可约分的
解　impossible to reduce to a desired, simpler, or smaller form or amount
例　The most irreducible coin in the American currency is the one-cent penny. 美国货币中的最小面值是一美分。

irrelevant
irrelevant［ɪ'reləvənt］
adj. 离题的；无关的〈同　extraneous, impertinent〉
例　His comments were irrelevant to the issues, so the leader asked him to stop talking. 他的意见与问题无关，所以领导让他停止讲话。

irreparable
irreparable［ɪ'repərəbəl］
adj. 不能挽回的〈同　irreversible〉
例　The married couple's relationship was irreparable, so they decided to get divorced. 那对已婚夫妇的关系无法修补，因此两人决定离婚。

irresistible
irresistible［ˌɪrɪ'zɪstəbəl］
adj. 无法抗拒的，无法抵抗的；诱人的〈同　overwhelming; tempting〉
例　This cake is so irresistible that I can't stop eating it! 这个蛋糕太诱人了，我忍不住吃个不停！

irrespective
irrespective［ˌɪrɪ'spektɪv］
adj. 不顾的，不考虑的〈同 regardless〉
例　All pupils, irrespective of age, may join the club. 所有学生都可以加入俱乐部，不限年龄。

irreversible
irreversible［ˌɪrɪ'vɜ:səbəl］
adj. 不可更改的；不可撤销的〈同　irrevocable, final〉
例　My decision to work in California is irreversible because I've already signed a contract. 我去加利福尼亚工作的决定不可能更改，因为我已经签了合同。

irrigate
irrigate［'ɪrɪgeɪt］
vt. 灌溉〈同 water〉
例　The government is devising a plan to build reservoirs and pumping stations to irrigate land in the northeastern region. 政府正计划修建几座水库和泵站来灌溉东北地区的土地。

irritate
irritate［'ɪrɪteɪt］
vt. 激怒；使过敏〈同 provoke, annoy〉
例　When he has a headache, even the slightest noise irritates him. 当他头疼的时候，即使是轻微的声响都能激怒他。

irritating
irritating［'ɪrɪteɪtɪŋ］
adj. 刺激的；使人愤怒的，气人的〈同　hurtful; annoying〉
例　Because of its irritating effects on humans, the use of phenol as a general antiseptic has been largely discontinued. 由于对人有刺激性作用，因此石碳酸已经基本上被停止用作一般抗菌剂了。

island
island［'aɪlənd］
n. 岛屿
解　a land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water
例　The islands in the sea were a product of the coolling lava from a volcanic eruption. 海上的小岛是由火山喷发出来的岩浆冷却形成的。

isolate
isolate　［ˈaɪsəleɪt］
vt. 使隔离，使孤立〈同 seclude〉
例 John isolated himself and spoke to no one. 约翰把自己彻底隔离，不与任何人说话。
联 isolated adj. 与世隔绝的，偏僻的；孤独的；isolation n. 隔离；孤立

issue
issue　［ˈɪʃuː; ˈɪsjuː］
n. ① 问题〈同 subject〉
例 Whether or not to abolish slavery constituted a big issue for the U.S. centuries ago. 几个世纪之前，是否废除奴隶制是美国面临的一个重大问题。
例 There's an article on motorbikes in the latest issue. 在最新一期中有一篇关于摩托车的文章。
v. 发行〈同 release〉
例 The film company issued a film starring Tom Hanks. 这家电影公司发行了一部由汤姆•汉克斯主演的电影。

item
item　［ˈaɪtəm］
n.（可分类或列举的）项目，条款；（新闻等的）一条，一则
例 There were several interesting items in today's paper. 今天的报纸上有几条有趣的新闻。
联 itemization n. 详细分类

itinerary
itinerary［ɪ'tɪnərəri; (US)-reri］
n. 路线〈同　route, course〉
例　The travel agent gave them their itinerary for their vacation in Hawaii. 旅行社为他们提供了去夏威夷度假旅行的线路。

jail
jail　［ʤeɪl］
n. 监狱〈同 prison〉
例 Johnny said that the food they serve in jail tastes terrible. 约翰尼说，监狱里的食物很难吃。

jealous
jealous　［ˈʤeləs］
adj. ① 妒忌的
例 Tom is jealous of anyone who talks to his girlfriend. 汤姆妒忌任何与他的女朋友说话的人。
例 She is jealous of her sister's good grades. 她羡慕自己的妹妹成绩那么好。
记 jeal（=zeal 热心）+ous→热心想要别人有的→妒忌的
联 jealousy n. 妒忌；羡慕

jeopardize
jeopardize［'ʤepədaɪz］
vt. 危害，使陷于险境〈同 harm〉
例　Janet decided to quit smoking, because it jeopardizes her health. 珍妮特决定戒烟，因为抽烟危害了她的健康。

jerk
jerk［ʤɜ:k］
n./v. 急拉；猛然一动（或颤动）〈同 sudden pull〉
例　The train stopped with a jerk. 火车猛地一颠，停住了。

Jewish
Jewish［'ʤu:ɪ∫］
adj. 犹太人的，犹太族的
例　The ancestors of Jewish people came from Israel. 犹太人的祖先来自以色列。

jolly
jolly［'ʤɒli］
adj. 愉快的〈同　merry; full of fun〉
例　When the jolly laughter subsided, the pirates began the serious business of dividing the gold. 愉快的笑声渐渐平息之后，海盗们开始了瓜分黄金的正经事。

jolt
jolt［ʤəʊlt］
n. 震动，颠簸〈同　shake〉
例　As the plane touched the ground, there was a massive jolt and we were thrown forwards. 飞机一接触地面，便出现了一阵剧烈的颠簸，我们的身体都向前冲去。
vt. 使颠簸；猛击〈同　bounce, shake〉
例　We were all jolted by the news of our friend's death. 我们都被朋友去世的消息震惊了。

journal
journal　［ˈʤɜːnəl］
n. ① 期刊；杂志〈同 magazine〉
例 She works for a trade journal for the car industry. 她为一家汽车行业的贸易期刊工作。
例 He kept a journal for over 50 years, in which he recorded his daily activities and observations about the city where he lived. 他坚持写日记超过50年了，他在日记中记录了自己的日常活动，以及对自己所居住的城市的观察。
联 journalist n. 新闻记者；journalistic adj. 新闻事业的，新闻工作的；journalism n. 新闻业；报章杂志

journal
journal［'ʤɜ:nəl］
n. ①定期刊物，杂志〈同　magazine, periodical〉
例　Her article on ecology was published in a scientific journal. 她关于生态学的文章发表在一本科学期刊上。
例　He kept a journal of his daily adventures. 他坚持记录每天的冒险活动。

jubilant
jubilant［'ʤu:bɪlənt］
adj. 欢腾的，喜气洋洋的〈同　exultant, happy, merry〉
例　The guests were in a jubilant mood as the wedding began. 婚礼开始后，客人们都喜气洋洋。

judgment
judgment［'ʤʌʤmənt］
n. ① 判断 ② 判决
解　① result of judging; opinion or estimate ② act of judging, especially a decision, decree, or sentence given by a judge in a court of law
例　In my judgment dogs make better pets than cats. 我认为狗比猫更适合当宠物。

judicial
judicial［ʤu:'dɪʃəl］
adj. 法庭的；法官的
解　of or by judges; of courts or the administration of justice
例　The Supreme Court is the highest authority in the judicial system and has the power to overturn the decisions of lower courts. 最高法院是司法体系中最具权威性的机关，它有权推翻下级法院作出的裁决。

judicious
judicious［ʤu:'dɪ∫əs］
adj. 明智的；有判断力的〈同　wise, prudent〉
例　By careful planning and judicious investments, he increased greatly the fortune his parents had left him. 通过仔细谋划和审慎投资，他大幅增加了父母留给他的财产。

judicious
judicious［ʤu:'dɪʃəs］
adj. 聪明的，明智的；有判断力的
解　sensible; showing sound judgment
例　With 20 years of experience, the manager made calculated and judicious business decisions. 经理有20年的从业经验，能够作出准确而审慎的商业决策。
同　judiciousness n. 明智

jumble
jumble［'ʤʌmbəl］
vt. 使混乱，混杂〈同　mix, mix up〉
例　The magician jumbled the cards to distract the audience. 魔术师洗牌以分散观众的注意力。
n. 混乱；杂乱的一堆〈同　mixture; chaos〉
例　Most sunken ships break up on the way down, hit the bottom at about 100 miles per hour, and become a chaotic jumble. 大多数沉船都是在下沉过程中断裂，以每小时100英里左右的速度触到海底，然后就变成杂乱的一堆。

junction
junction［'ʤʌŋkʃən］
n. 连接；汇合处〈同 joint, intersection〉
例　The junction of the two rivers results in a large flow of water downstream. 两条河汇流，导致了下游的大水流量。

jungle
jungle　［ˈʤʌŋɡəl］
n. 丛林〈同 thicket〉
例 They found a profusion of trees, vines, and tropical flowers growing in the jungle. 他们发现丛林里长着大量的树木、葡萄藤和热带花卉。

jurisdiction
jurisdiction［ˌʤʊərɪs'dɪk∫ən］
n. 权限；管辖范围〈同　authority, purview〉
例　Deciding who is eligible for school athletic teams is not within the jurisdiction of the Student Council. 谁有资格进入学校运动队，这个决定权不归学生会所有。

jurist
jurist［'ʤʊərɪst］
n. 法理学家
解　a legal scholar versed in civil law or the law of nations
例　The newspaper consulted a jurist in order to report on the implications resulting from the new law. 为了报导新法的含义，这家报纸咨询了一名法理学家。

jury
jury　［ˈʤʊəri］
n. 陪审团
例 The jury could not reach agreement on the criminal's verdict. 对于罪犯的裁决，陪审团无法达成一致。

jury
jury［'ʤʊəri］
n. 陪审团
解　a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
例　After two days of debate, the jury passed their verdict to the judge. 经过两天的讨论，陪审团将裁决结果告诉了法官。

justice
justice［'ʤʌstɪs］
n. 正义，公平，公正〈同 fairness〉
例　Judges should have a sense of justice. 法官应该有正义感。

justify
justify　［ˈʤʌstɪfɑɪ］
vt. 证明…是正当的或有理的；为…辩护〈同 vindicate〉
例 We'll have to justify the additional expenditure to the Board. 我们必须向董事会提供额外开支的理由。
联 justification n. 正当的理由；辩护

juvenile
juvenile［'ʤu:vənaɪl］
n./adj. 青少年（的）〈同　youth, adolescent〉
例　Juveniles are not entitled to vote. 青少年无权参加选举。

juxtapose
juxtapose［'ʤʌkstəpəʊz］
vt. 并排，并置
例　The scientist juxtaposed the two specimens so he could compare and analyze them at the same time. 那名科学家将两个样本并列放置，以便同时对它们进行对比和分析。

juxtapose
juxtapose［'ʤʌkstəpəʊz］
v. 并排，并置
解　to place side by side
例　The two microorganisms were juxtaposed under the microscope so the students could compare and contrast them. 两个微生物被并排放在显微镜下，这样学生们就可以对它们进行比较、区分。

keen
keen　［kiːn］
adj. ① 锋利的〈同 sharp〉
例 The keen edge of the razor blade was made of special steel. 剃须刀锋利的刀刃是用特殊钢材制成的。
例 You must have a keen eye to be able to read those numbers at this distance! 你的眼睛肯定非常敏锐，不然怎么能看清那么远的数字！

ken
ken［ken］
n. 视野，知识领域〈同　understanding, knowledge〉
例　I cannot answer your question since this matter is beyond my ken. 我无法回答你的问题，因为这件事已经超出了我的知识范围。

kernel
kernel［'kɜ:nəl］
n. 仁，核心；（去壳的）麦粒，谷粒〈同　nut, core〉
例　Corn kernels are used to make popcorn. 玉米粒被用来做爆米花。

kidnap
kidnap［'kɪdnæp］
vt./n. 绑架〈同 abduct〉
例　The wife of a businessman has been kidnapped from her home and the kidnappers are asking her husband for money. 一位商人的妻子被人从家里绑架走了，绑匪正在向她的丈夫索要赎金。

kilometer
kilometer［'kɪləmi:tə(r); kɪ'lɒmɪtə(r)］
n. 千米；公里
解　a metric unit of length equal to 1,000 meters (about 0. 62 mile)
例　A marathon race usually covers a distance of a little over 40 kilometers. 马拉松比赛的赛程通常为40多公里。

kinetic
kinetic［kɪ'netɪk］
adj. 运动的；动力学的〈同　dynamic〉
例　The behavior of gases is explained by what scientists call the kinetic theory. 气体的行为可以通过科学家所谓的分子运动理论进行解释。

kit
kit［kɪt］
n. 成套工具；工具包，工具箱
例　I keep a tool kit in the back of my car. 我在汽车的后备箱里放着一个工具箱。

knit
knit［nɪt］
v. 编织，针织〈同 weave〉
例　Janet likes to knit sweaters in her spare time. 珍妮特有空的时候喜欢织毛衣。

knob
knob［nɒb］
n. ① 球形把手〈同 handle〉
例　She tried to open the door, but the knob came off in her hand. 她试着去开门，但是球形把手掉在了她的手里。
例　We can't use this piece of wood because it has too many knobs. 我们没法使用这块木头，因为它的树节太多了。

knot
knot　［nɒt］
n.（绳等的）结；（树的）节
例 Tie a knot in the rope to mark where you stopped. 在绳子上打一个结，标记你停留过的地方。
联 knotty adj. 多节的；难解决的

label
label［'leɪbl］
n. 标签〈同 tag〉
例　The label on a can will tell you what's in it. 罐头上的标签会告诉你里面有什么。
vt. 贴标签于
例　The bottle is labeled“Poison”. 瓶子上贴着“有毒”的标签。

laboratory
laboratory［lə'bɒrətəri; (US)'læbrətɔ:ri］
n. 实验室
解　a room or building equipped for scientific experimentation or research; a place where drugs and chemicals are manufactured
例　The patient's blood was analyzed in the laboratory. 医生在实验室里分析了病人的血液。

labored
labored［'leɪbəd］
adj. 吃力的，费力地说或做的
解　requiring or showing effort
例　The labored breathing of this very ill person means he has a short time to live. 这位重病患者呼吸都很费力，意味着他所剩时日不多了。

laborer
laborer［'leɪbərə(r)］
n. 劳动者（尤指体力劳动者），工人
解　person who does work that requires strength rather than skill or training; workers as a group
例　A laborer for most of his life, my father liked to work with his hands. 我父亲当了大半辈子工人，他喜欢用自己的双手来劳动。

laborious
laborious［lə'bɔ:riəs］
adj. 费力的，艰难的〈同　arduous, painstaking〉
例　The laborious work was very tiring and he soon quit. 辛苦的工作非常令人疲惫，因此他很快就放弃了。

laborious
laborious［lə'bɔ:rɪəs］
adj. ① （指工作）艰苦的，费力的 ② （指人）勤劳的
解　① requiring great effort ② showing signs of effort, not fluent or easy
例　Moving a piano can be a laborious task. 移动钢琴是一件费力的事。

labyrinth
labyrinth［'læbərɪnθ］
n. 迷宫；错综复杂之事件〈同　maze, intricacy〉
例　After wandering through the labyrinth for five hours, the young man finally reached the exit. 在迷宫里转了五个小时之后，那个年轻人终于找到了出口。

lag
lag　［læg］
vi. 落后〈同 delay〉
例 Don't let your son lag behind in the class. 不要让你儿子在班级中落后。

lame
lame［leɪm］
adj. 跛的〈同 crippled〉
例　She could not run in the race because of her lame leg. 她的腿瘸了，因此无法参加赛跑了。
vt. 使成残废，使跛
例　The child was lamed in the car accident. 小孩的腿因一起交通事故而残废。

lament
lament［lə'ment］
vt. 为…悲痛，痛惜〈同　deplore, bemoan〉
例　The widow lamented the death of her husdand. 那个寡妇为丈夫的死而悲伤。

landlord
landlord［'lændlɔ:d］
n. 房东，地主〈同　landholder, proprietor〉
例　Byron paid rent to his landlord every month. 拜伦每个月向房东支付房租。

landlord
landlord［'lændlɔ:d］
n. 地主，房主
解　person who owns buildings or land for rent to others
例　The responsible landlord made repairs whenever something broke. 不管是什么东西坏了，这位负责任的房东都会修好。

landmark
landmark［'lændmɑ:k］
n. 里程碑
解　an event marking a unique or important historical change or one on which important developments depend
例　The inventions of the printing press, telephone, telegraph, radio, and televi-sion are landmarks in the history of communication. 印刷机、电话、电报、无线电以及电视的发明都是通信史上的里程碑。

landmark
landmark［'lændmɑ:k］
n. 里程碑；地标
解　an event marking a unique or important historical change or one on which important developments depend; a historical site
例　The inventions of the printing press, telephone, telegraph, radio, and television are landmarks in the history of communication. 印刷机、电话、电报、无线电以及电视机的发明是人类通讯史上的里程碑。

landscape
landscape　［ˈlændskeɪp］
n. 风景，山水；风景画〈同 scenery〉
例 Anne sat on a hill and gazed at the landscape around her. 安妮坐在山上，凝视着周围的风景。

landscape
landscape［'lændskeɪp］
n. 风景，地形
解　an expanse of scenery that can be seen in a single view
例　The two hills with the valley form a beautiful landscape. 这两座山和中间的峡谷构成了一幅美丽的风景。

landslide
landslide［'lændslaɪd］
n.【地】山崩
例　Three climbers were killed last week in a landslide. 有三名登山者在上周的山崩中遇难。

landslide
landslide［'lændslaɪd］
n. ① 山崩 ② 压倒性的胜利
解　① a sliding down of a mass of earth or rock on a steep slope ② an overwhelming majority of votes for one candidate or political party in an election
例　The favored politician won the election by a landslide. 这位受欢迎的政客以绝对优势赢得了选举。
近　strand n. 股 v. 搁浅

lane
lane　［leɪn］
n.（乡间）小路；狭窄的通道；航线
例 It is very dangerous to drive fast along narrow country lanes. 在狭窄的乡村小路上快速行驶是非常危险的。

lark
lark［lɑ:k］
n. 鸣禽；云雀，百灵鸟
例　The larks sing so beautifully in the morning that we set up a bird house next to our breakfast room. 清晨，云雀的鸣叫声如此优美，因此我们在早餐室旁边安装了一个鸟屋。
vi. 嬉戏，嬉耍
例　If you are going to lark around, you'd better go outside! 你如果想嬉闹玩耍，最好去外面！

lash
lash［læ∫］
n. 鞭子〈同　whip〉
例　The leather lash cut the side of the horse. 皮鞭把马的身体一侧抽开了一道口子。
v. 抽打，鞭打〈同　strike, hit〉
例　The rider lashes the horse to make it go faster. 骑手用皮鞭抽打马，好让它跑得更快。

lasting
lasting　［ˈlɑːstɪŋ］
adj. 持久的；永恒的；耐用的〈同 forever; enduring〉
例 Kennedy left a lasting impression on the people who heard his inaugural address. 肯尼迪给那些听过他就职演说的人们留下了不可磨灭的印象。

latent
latent［'leɪtənt］
adj. 潜伏的，隐藏的〈同 dormant〉
例　Some people believe that telepathy is a latent power of the mind. 有的人认为心灵感应是思维的潜在能力。

lateral
lateral［'lætərəl］
adj. 侧面的，旁边的
例　In order to get good plant growth, the gardener must pinch off all lateral shoots. 为了让植物更好地生长，园艺师必须修剪掉所有侧枝。

latitude
latitude［'lætɪtju:d; (US)'lætɪtu:d］
n. ① 纬度，范围〈同 scope〉
例　The average annual solar radiation received by the atmosphere varies strongly with latitude. 一年当中大气层吸收的太阳辐射平均量随着纬度的不同而表现出明显的差异。
例　The teacher gave her students a lot of latitude in choosing their science projects. 老师给予学生足够的自由来选择科学课题。

launch
launch　［lɔːntʃ］
vt. 发动〈同 begin〉
例 When he was stopped, the old man launched a verbal attack at the policeman. 那个老人被拦住以后，便开始对警察破口大骂。
n./v. 发射，(使）升空〈同 send off〉
例 The satellite was launched into orbit. 卫星被发射到运行轨道。

laundry
laundry　［ˈlɔːndri］
n. 洗衣店；待洗的衣服〈同 washing〉
例 I placed the clean laundry on the table and started folding it. 我把干净衣服放到桌子上，然后开始叠衣服。

laurels
laurels［'lɒrəlz］
n. 桂冠，荣誉〈同　honor, credit〉
例　Don't rest on your laurels: follow up your success and start looking for new markets now. 不要不思进取：借着成功的东风，马上开始寻找新市场。

lava
lava［'lɑ:və］
n. 熔岩，岩浆
例　The lava flowed down the volcano and burned many houses down. 岩浆流下火山，烧毁了许多房屋。

lavish
lavish［'lævɪ∫］
adj. 过分丰富的；浪费的〈同　generous; extravagant〉
例　She gives lavish parties with wonderful food, flowers, and music. 她经常举办奢华的聚会，聚会上有精美的食物、鲜花和音乐。

lawsuit
lawsuit［'lɔ:sju:t］
n. 诉讼〈同　litigation, case〉
例　The attorney was representing clients in five lawsuits this week. 本周，这位律师代理了五起诉讼的委托人。

lax
lax［læks］
adj. 懒散的；松弛的，不严格的
解　careless; not strict or tense
例　The lax teacher wore casual clothes and called his students by their first names. 这位散漫的老师穿衣服很随意，连上课点名也只叫学生的姓。

laxative
laxative［'læksətɪv］
n. 轻泄药 adj. 通便的，放松的
解　n. something causing the bowels to empty easily adj. causing looseness or relaxation, especially of the bowels
例　The doctor recommended he take laxatives for his constipation. 医生建议他服用泻药来治疗便秘。

layer
layer　［ˈleɪə(r)］
n. 层，层次；阶层〈同 tier〉
例 There was a thin layer of oil on the surface of the water. 在水面上有薄薄的一层油。

layout
layout　［ˈleɪaʊt］
n. 布局；设计〈同 design〉
例 This map shows the layout of the camp. 这张地图展示了营地的布局。

leaflet
leaflet［'li:flɪt］
n. 传单
例　They were handing out advertising leaflets outside the supermarket. 他们在超市外散发广告传单。

leak
leak［li:k］
vt. ① 漏；渗〈同 seep〉
例　Water leaks from the cracked glass. 水从破裂的玻璃杯里漏了出来。
例　The informer leaked the secret to the press. 告密者把这个秘密泄露给了媒体。

leap
leap　［liːp］
n./vi. 跳跃〈同 jump〉
例 The dog leapt over the fence. 那条狗跳过了栅栏。

lease
lease　［liːs］
n. 租约〈同 rent〉
例 I signed a lease to rent a truck for a week. 我签了一份租约，租一辆卡车一星期。
vt. 出租，租借〈同 rent〉
例 We have leased an apartment for one year. 我们出租了一套公寓，租期为一年。
记 分割记忆：l+ease（安心）→有了租约才安心→租约

lectern
lectern［'lektən］
n. 讲经台
解　reading desk
例　Every Sunday morning, the priest stood behind the lectern and read scriptures from the Bible. 每个星期天早上，牧师都会站在诵经台后面，朗读圣经里的经文。

lecture
lecture［'lektʃə(r)］
n. ① 讲座，演讲 ② 谴责，教训
解　① a planned talk on a chosen subject; speech ② a scolding
例　The professor spoke so fast during his lectures that there wasn't any time to ask questions. 教授上课时讲得很快，学生都没有时间提问。
同　lecturer n. 教师；演讲人

ledge
ledge［leʤ］
n. 建筑物或岩石的突出部分〈同　edge, projection〉
例　A swallow built a nest on the ledge outside my dormitory's window. 一只燕子在我宿舍窗户外的壁架上筑巢。

legacy
legacy［'legəsi］
n. 遗产，遗物〈同　inheritance, bequest〉
例　The farm is a legacy from my grandfather. 这座农场是我祖父留下的遗产。

legal
legal　［ˈliːɡəl］
adj. 法律的；法定的，合法的〈同 judicial〉
例 It's legal to turn right at a red light in most states. 在大多数州，红灯时向右转是合法的。
记 leg（法律）+ al→法律的
联 legality n. 合法；legalize v. 合法化

legend
legend［'leʤənd］
n. 传说；传奇文学〈同 myth, tale〉
例　The stories about King Arthur and his knights of the Round Table are legends. 关于亚瑟王和他的圆桌骑士的故事是传奇故事。

legendary
legendary［'leʤəndəri］
adj. 传奇的〈同　mythical, fabled〉
例　The legendary deeds of Sherlock Holmes are so well-known that many people think he really lived. 夏洛克·福尔摩斯的传奇故事可谓无人不知，以至于许多人都认为他是真实存在的。

legible
legible［'leʤəbəl］
adj.（指印刷或字迹）清楚的，易读的〈同　readable, distinct〉
例　Her handwriting is so bad that it is barely legible. 她的书法太糟糕了，几乎无法辨认。

legislation
legislation　［ˌleʤɪsˈleɪʃən］
n. ① 立法〈同 lawmaking〉
例 Congress has the power of legislation. 国会拥有立法权。
例 The government mandates that the states are to comply with federal legislation. 政府规定，各州应遵守联邦法律。
联 legislature n. 立法机关；legislate vt. 立法

legislation
legislation［leʤɪs'leɪʃən］
n. 立法；法律
解　the act or process of legislating; lawmaking; a proposed or enacted law or group of laws
例　The president's power to veto is a control over the legislation passed by Congress. 总统的否决权是对国会通过立法的一种控制。
同　legislative adj. 立法的；legislator n. 立法者

legislature
legislature［'leʤɪsleɪtʃə(r)］
n. 立法机关
解　an officially elected or otherwise selected body of people who make or amend, repeal laws
例　The legislature was composed of a group of jurists. 立法机关由多位法学家组成。

legitimacy
legitimacy［lɪ'ʤɪtɪməsi］
n. 合法（性）；正统（性）
解　lawfulness by virtue of being authorized or in accordance with law
例　Politics was much simpler in the past, when the king did not need to prove his legitimacy to anyone. 在过去，政治要比现在简单得多，国王不需要向任何人证明自己所作所为的合法性。
同　legitimated adj. 合法化的

legitimate
legitimate［lɪ'ʤɪtɪmət］
adj. 合法的；正当的，合理的〈同 legal, rightful〉
例　Sickness is a legitimate reason for being absent from school. 因为生病而不去上学是一个合理的理由。

legume
legume［'legju:m］
n. 豆类，豆荚
例　He kept the seeds from the legume and planted them in his garden. 他保存了豆荚里的种子，并把它们种在他的花园里。

lessen
lessen［'lesən］
v. 减少，变小〈同 decrease, dwindle〉
例　His kind words lessened her sorrow. 他宽容的话语减轻了她的痛苦。

lethal
lethal［'li:θəl］
adj. 致命的〈同　fatal, mortal〉
例　It is unwise to leave lethal weapons where children may find them. 把致命的武器放在孩子可能找得到的地方是不明智的。

lethargic
lethargic［le'θɑ:ʤɪk; lɪ'-］
adj. 昏睡的；懒洋洋的，萎靡不振的〈同　sluggish, languid〉
例　People usually feel lethargic after a heavy meal. 人们在饱餐一顿之后，通常会感觉昏昏欲睡。

lettuce
lettuce［'letɪs］
n. 莴苣，生菜
例　She cut the lettuce to make the salad. 她把生菜切碎，来制作沙拉。

levee
levee［'levi; lə'vi:］
n. 防洪堤；堤岸
解　a barrier constructed to contain the flow of water or to keep out the sea
例　The city built a levee so the river would not flood the street when it rained.这个城市建了防洪堤，这样下雨的时候河水就不会漫上街道了。

liable
liable　［ˈlaɪəbəl］
adj. ① 有责任的，有义务的〈同 responsible〉
例 The Postal Service is not liable for damage to a parcel. 邮政部门对包裹的损坏不承担责任。
例 That glass is liable to break. 那种玻璃很容易打碎。
联 liability n. 责任，义务；倾向

liar
liar［'laɪə(r)］
n. 说谎者
例　He's such a liar that nobody believes him! 他经常说谎，没有人相信他！

libel
libel［'laɪbəl］
n. 以文字损害名誉，诽谤〈同　slander, defamation〉
例　Lawyers are employed to represent newspaper publishers when they are sued for libel. 报纸出版商在被控诽谤后，便聘请了多位代理律师。

liberal
liberal　［ˈlɪbərəl］
adj. ①（思想）开放的，坚持（主张）变革的，自由主义的〈同 open-minded〉
例 The conservative newspaper denounced the liberal article. 保守派的报纸公开抨击自由派的文章。
例 A miser is not liberal with money. 一个吝啬鬼在钱的方面不会慷慨。
记 liber（自由）+ al→自由主义的
联 liberally adv. 随意地，不受限制地；liberality n. 慷慨；开明

liberate
liberate　［ˈlɪbəreɪt］
vt. 释放，使自由〈同 free〉
例 I liberated the rabbit from its cage. 我把兔子从笼子里放了出来。
联 liberty n. 自由

librarian
librarian［laɪ'breərɪən］
n. 图书馆管理员
例　He was not sure where to look for the information, but the librarian gave him several good leads. 他不确定该去哪儿查找信息，但图书管理员给他提供了几条不错的思路。

license
license　［ˈlaɪsəns］
n. 许可（证），执照〈同 permission〉
例 I went downtown to renew my driver's license. 我去市中心更换新的驾驶执照。
vt. 许可，特许〈同 approbate〉
例 The city licensed me to open a restaurant. 市里批准我开一家餐馆。

lick
lick　［lɪk］
v. 舔（某人/某物）
例 The cat licked the milk. 猫舔食牛奶。

lighthearted
lighthearted［ˌlaɪt'hɑ:tɪd］
adj. 快乐的，无忧无虑的
解　free from worry
例　The boss did not offer the lighthearted woman the position of manager because of his fear that she would be irresponsible. 老板没有让这个总是无忧无虑的女人担任经理一职，因为他担心她会没有责任心。

likelihood
likelihood［'laɪklɪhʊd］
n. 可能，可能性〈同 probability〉
例　Is there any likelihood of rain today? 今天有可能下雨吗？

likewise
likewise　［ˈlaɪkwaɪz］
adv. 同样地，也〈同 similarly〉
例 It's eight p.m. I must go home now, and you likewise. 已经晚上八点了。我必须回家了，你也是。

limb
limb　［lɪm］
n. 肢，翼；树枝〈同 arm; leg〉
例 The driver lost a limb in the car accident. 那名司机在车祸中失去了一条胳膊。

limestone
limestone［'laɪmstəʊn］
n. 石灰石
例　Limestone is used to manufacture lime, carbon dioxide, and cement. 石灰石被用于生产石灰、二氧化碳和水泥。

limp
limp［lɪmp］
adj. 柔软的，易弯曲的；无生气的〈同 soft〉
例　The flowers need some more water—they've gone limp. 花需要浇水了——它们快枯萎了。
vi. 跛行
例　After falling down the stairs, she limped for several days. 从楼梯上跌下来之后，她好几天都是一瘸一拐的。

lineage
lineage［'lɪnɪɪʤ］
n. 血统，世系〈同　ancestry, family〉
例　He traced his lineage back to the Song Dynasty. 他的家族血统可以追溯到宋代。

linear
linear［'lɪniə(r)］
adj. 线的，直线的；线性的
例　A pine tree has linear leaves. 松树长着针形叶。

linger
linger［'lɪŋgə(r)］
vi. 逗留；徘徊〈同 stay, stroll〉
例　I lingered after the exhibition, hoping to meet the guest of honor. 展览会后我没走，希望能见到贵宾。

linguistic
linguistic［lɪŋ'gwɪstɪk］
adj. 语言上的，语言学上的
例　The modern tourist will encounter very little linguistic difficulty as English has become an almost universal language. 现代的旅行者在语言上会遇到很少的困难，因为英语几乎已经成为一种全球性的语言。

linguistics
linguistics［lɪŋ'ɡwɪstɪks］
n. 语言学
解　the study of language or languages
例　She had majored in linguistics in college in order to assist people with speech impediments. 为了帮助言语有障碍的人士，她在大学修了语言学专业。

liquid
liquid　［ˈlɪkwɪd］
n. 液体，流体〈同 fluid〉
例 Mercury is a liquid at room temperature. 水银在室温下以液体形式存在。
adj. 液体的
例 I washed my hands with liquid soap. 我用液体香皂洗手。
联 liquor n. 酒；液体

literal
literal［'lɪtərəl］
adj. 逐字的，照字面的，忠实原义的
解　being or reflecting the essential or genuine character of something
例　The literal meaning of words in dictionaries cannot fully express their cultural and historical significance. 词典中所给出的单词的字面意思无法完全表达出其文化和历史意义。

literary
literary［'lɪtərəri］
adj. 文学的
解　of, relating to, or dealing with literature
例　The literary scholar published many books that analyzed Shakespeare. 这位文学学者出版了许多研究莎士比亚的书籍。

literate
literate［'lɪtərət］
adj. 有文化的，有阅读和写作能力的〈同　educated, schooled〉
例　Her parents wanted her to become literate so they sent her to school to read and write. 她父母希望她能读书识字，因此他们把她送到学校学习读写。

literati
literati［ˌlɪtə'rɑ:ti:］
n. 文人，文学界
解　the literary intelligentsia
例　All the students wanted to enroll in the poetry course by the professor who represented the literati. 这个诗歌课程由足以代表整个文学界的教授所讲，所有的学生都想报名参加。

literature
literature［'lɪtərɪtʃə(r)］
n. 文学
例　The literature from Shakespeare's time is written in Old English. 莎士比亚时代的文学作品都是用古英语书写的。

litter
litter［'lɪtə(r)］
v. 乱丢（废弃物）
例　The baby littered the floor with torn papers. 婴儿把撕碎的纸屑丢得满地都是。
n. 垃圾〈同 garbage, refuse〉
例　Children left litter in the park. 孩子们把垃圾留在了公园里。

livelihood
livelihood［'laɪvlɪhʊd］
n. 生计，谋生〈同　subsistense〉
例　What do you do for your livelihood? 你以什么为生？

lively
lively［'laɪvli］
adj. 活泼的，活跃的；栩栩如生的〈同 energetic, vigorous〉
例　Our patient seems more lively today; he must be feeling better. 我们的病人今天看起来充满活力，他一定感觉好多了。

livestock
livestock［'laɪvstɒk］
n. 家畜，牲畜
例　The livestock on the farm included pigs, cows, and chickens. 农场里的牲畜包括猪、牛、鸡。

load
load［ləʊd］
n. 重担；重任〈同 burden, duty〉
例　Raising two kids can be too heavy a load for some people. 养育两个孩子对有些人来说负担过重了。
vt. 装载，使负担〈同 fill〉
例　The farmers loaded the wagon with hay. 农民把草装到货车上。

loaf
loaf［ləʊf］
v. 游荡，虚度光阴〈同　loiter, wander〉
例　During the summer vacation, she loafed around the house watching TV and eating snacks. 在暑假期间，她在家里无所事事，除了看电视就是吃零食。

loan
loan　［ləʊn］
n./v.（借出的）贷款，借出〈同 lend〉
例 Her friend loaned her the money. 她朋友借给她钱。

loathsome
loathsome［'ləʊðsəm］
adj. 令人讨厌的，令人作呕的〈同　repulsive, disgusting〉
例　His tennis shoes gave a loathsome smell when he took them off. 他一脱下网球鞋，就散发出一股令人恶心的味道。

lobby
lobby［'lɒbi］
n. 大厅，休息厅〈同　hall, room〉
例　The hotel guests registered at the hotel lobby. 酒店的客人在酒店大堂登记。
vi. 游说（议员）〈同　influence, persuade〉
例　The conservative group lobbied to outlaw the use of certain drugs. 保守团体通过游说议员宣布使用某些药物不合法。

lobster
lobster［'lɒbstə(r)］
n. 龙虾
例　The restaurant served delicious lobster for dinner tonight. 这家餐厅今天的晚餐供应美味的龙虾。

locality
locality［ləʊ'kælɪti］
n. 位置，地点〈同 region〉
例　I know few people in the locality of Boston. 在波士顿这个地方我认识的人没几个。

locomotion
locomotion［ˌləʊkə'məʊ∫ən］
n. 运动，移动〈同　movement, motion〉
例　Many old trains depend on coal for their locomotion. 许多老式火车靠烧煤来行驶。

locomotive
locomotive［ˌləʊkə'məʊtɪv］
n. 火车头，机车 adj. 运动的
解　n. self-propelled engine used to draw trains along railway tracks adj. able to move independently from place to place
例　Steam engines were used to drive locomotives, ships, and large machines. 蒸汽机被用来驱动火车头、轮船和大型机器。

lodge
lodge　［lɒʤ］
n.（山林）小屋；旅馆
例 We stayed in the lodge because there was a blizzard outside. 我们待在旅馆里，因为外面有暴风雪。
vi. 寄存；临时住宿
例 We lodged in motels on our trip. 我们在旅途中临时住在一家汽车旅馆里。
联 lodging n. 寄宿；住房（常指出租的房间）

lofty
lofty［'lɒfti; (US)'lɔ:fti］
adj. 高高的〈同 high〉
例　The climber's goal was to reach the lofty pinnacle. 登山者的目标就是到达高高的山顶。

log
log［lɔ:g］
n. 圆木〈同 wood〉
例　The woodcutter's small house was built of logs. 樵夫的小房子是用木头建成的。

log
log［lɒɡ］
n. ① 日志，记录 ② 圆木
解　① a written record of events on a voyage (of a ship or plane) ② a segment of the trunk of a tree when stripped of branches
例　Enter the new information in the log. 在日志里填入新的信息。

logic
logic［'lɒʤɪk］
n. ① 逻辑学 ② 逻辑
解　① the branch of philosophy that analyzes inference ② reasoned and reasonable judgment
例　His argument had no logic and he was quickly proven wrong. 他的论据没有逻辑，很快就被证明是错误的。

logical
logical　［ˈlɒʤɪkəl］
adj. 合乎逻辑的；合理的〈同 coherent〉
例 An upset stomach is a logical result of overeating. 胃不舒服是暴饮暴食的必然结果。
联 logic n. 逻辑，逻辑学

logical
logical［'lɒʤɪkəl］
adj. （指行为、事情等）合乎情理的，合乎常理的
解　in accordance with the rules of logic; able to reason correctly
例　There are times in life when you should be guided more by your feelings, without trying to be strictly logical about everything. 人生有的时候更需要跟着自己的感觉走，而不用事事都合乎常理。
同　illogically adv. 不合逻辑地
构　log (=speech) + ical

logistics
logistics［lə'ʤɪstɪks］
n. 物流学，后勤学
解　handling an operation that involves providing labor and materials supplied as needed
例　He was in charge of the logistics of the company's import and export operations, including shipment amounts, routes and schedules. 他负责公司进出口业务的物流，包括装运量、线路以及时间表。

longevity
longevity［lɒn'ʤevəti］
n. 长寿〈同　long life〉
例　He came from a family noted for its longevity, and all four of his grandparents lived to the age of 90. 他来自一个以长寿著称的家族，他的四位祖父母辈都活到了90岁高龄。

longitude
longitude［'lɒŋgɪtju:d; (US)'lɒŋgɪtu:d］
n. 经度，经线
例　The city is at longitude 28° west. 这座城市位于西经28度。

loom
loom［lu:m］
n. 织布机
例　She spends her days weaving silk carpets on her loom. 她每天都在织布机上织真丝地毯。
vi. 隐约闪现；逼近〈同　come into view; emerge〉
例　After the economic crisis, signs of a recession loom in the distance. 经济危机之后，衰退的迹象逐渐显现。

loop
loop　［luːp］
vt. 把…圈成环；缠绕〈同 circle〉
例 To join two ends of a rope, you just loop it. 要把绳子两头连起来，你只需要把它围成环状就可以了。
n. 圈，环
例 The road makes a wide loop around the lake. 这条路沿湖绕了一圈。

loquacious
loquacious［lɒ'kweɪʃəs］
adj. 多嘴的，爱说话的
解　full of trivial conversation
例　The loquacious student was known as the school bigmouth. 这个多嘴多舌的学生是学校有名的大嘴巴。
同　loquaciousness n. 唠叨，喋喋不休；loquacity n. 唠叨，喋喋不休

lore
lore［lɔ:(r)］
n. 口头传说；学问，知识〈同　legend; knowledge〉
例　The lore of the town says that the house on the hill is haunted by ghosts. 根据小镇的传说，山上的房子闹鬼。

lounge
lounge［laʊnʤ］
v. 闲混，闲荡；懒洋洋地打发时间〈同 idle〉
例　The hotel guests lounged by the swimming pool. 酒店的客人在游泳池边打发时间。
n. 起居室
例　The lounge is a good place to meet people. 休息室是见面的好地方。

low-grade
low-grade［ləʊ'ɡreɪd］
adj. 低品质的
解　of inferior quality
例　Purchasing low-grade gasoline can save you money in the short term, but may ruin your car and cost you a lot in the long run. 从短期来看，购买低品质的汽油可以为你省钱，但是从长远来看，却会毁坏你的汽车，而且会让你花费更多的钱。

loyal
loyal　［ˈlɔɪəl］
adj. 忠诚的，忠心的〈同 faithful〉
例 My parents have always been loyal to each other. 我父母一直忠于彼此。
联 loyalty n. 忠诚，忠心

lubricate
lubricate［'lu:brɪkeɪt］
vt. 使润滑；加润滑油于
例　A car engine needs to be well lubricated with oil. 有一辆汽车的发动机需要好好地上润滑油。

lucid
lucid［'lu:sɪd］
adj. ① 清澈的，透明的 ② 易懂的
解　① transparently clear ② easily understandable
例　A good explanation is lucid. 好的解释是清晰易懂的。
同　lucidity n. 清晰

lucrative
lucrative［'lu:krətɪv］
adj. 赚钱的，有利可图的〈同　profitable, remunerative〉
例　Real estate is a highly lucrative business as long as the developer can obtain loans from the banks. 房地产业是高利润的行业，只要开发商能从银行获得贷款就行。

ludicrous
ludicrous［'lu:dɪkrəs］
adj. 可笑的，滑稽的
解　amusingly absurd; ridiculous
例　He wore a ludicrous revolving hat with various attachments on it. 他戴了一顶滑稽的帽子，帽子可以旋转，上面还有许多装饰。

lull
lull［lʌl］
vt. 使平静；使安静〈同　appease, calm〉
例　She managed to lull her boss's anger after he found out about her mistake. 她在老板发现她的错误之后，成功地平息了老板的怒气。

lumber
lumber［'lʌmbə(r)］
n. 木材，木料〈同 board, timber〉
例　The lumber is transported by floating it down the river.（人们把）木头放在水里让它顺流而下来进行运输。

luminous
luminous［'lu:mɪnəs］
adj. 发光的；明亮的〈同 glowing, fluorescent〉
例　The sun is a luminous body. 太阳是一个发光天体。

lure
lure［lʊə(r)］
vt. 引诱，诱惑〈同　attract, entice〉
例　The prospect of fame lures actors to Hollywood. 走红的前景诱惑演员们前往好莱坞。
n. 饵；诱惑〈同　bait; charm〉
例　He used a live lure to catch fish. 他用活的诱饵来捕鱼。

luster
luster［'lʌstə(r)］
n. 光彩，光泽；声望〈同　brightness, shine; prestige〉
例　The soft luster of the silk in the dim light was pleasing. 在微弱的灯光下，丝绸柔和的光泽令人心生愉悦。

luxury
luxury　［ˈlʌkʃəri］
n. 奢侈，豪华〈同 extravagance〉
例 The movie star was accustomed to luxury. 电影明星习惯了奢侈的生活。
联 luxurious adj. 奢侈的，豪华的

lyric
lyric［'lɪrɪk］
n. 抒情诗；歌词
例　The song's lyrics were about love and peace. 这首歌的歌词是关于爱与和平的。

magic
magic［'mæʤɪk］
n. 魔法，魔力；魔术
例　The magic of Shakespeare's poetry has attracted many poets world wide. 莎士比亚诗歌的魔力吸引了世界上的许多诗人。

magnanimous
magnanimous［mæɡ'nænɪməs］
adj. ① 宽宏大量的 ② 慷慨的
解　① understanding and tolerant ② generous
例　The magnanimous emperor released the prisoners of war after the war had ended. 战争结束后，宽宏大量的统治者释放了战犯。
同　magnanimity n. 宽宏大量；慷慨
构　magn (=great) + anim (=mind) + ous

magnanimous
magnanimous［mæɡ'nænɪməs］
adj. ① 宽宏大量的 ② 慷慨的
解　① generous in forgiving ② free from mean or petty feelings or acts
例　She has a magnanimous attitude toward her children when they misbehave. 当孩子们犯错误时，她对他们总是很宽容。
同　magnanimity n. 宽宏大量；慷慨
构　magn (=great) + anim (=mind) + ous

magnate
magnate［'mæɡneɪt］
n. 财主，巨头
解　an important, powerful, or prominent person
例　The cattle magnate had opened many steakhouses around the country as a secondary business. 这位养牛业的巨头在国内开了许多牛排餐厅作为副业。
近　magnet n. 磁铁；magnetic adj. 有磁性的；吸引人的；magnetism n. 磁力，磁性；吸引力

magnetic
magnetic　［mæɡˈnetɪk］
adj. ① 磁的，有磁性的
例 The pieces of iron were stuck together by magnetic force. 这几块铁片被磁力粘在一起。
例 He is the most magnetic male dancer in the Royal Ballet. 他是皇家芭蕾舞团最有吸引力的男舞者。
联 magnet n. 磁铁；magnetism n. 磁，磁力；magnetize vt. 使磁化；吸引

magnificent
magnificent　［mæɡˈnɪfɪsənt］
adj. 壮观的，华丽的；高尚的〈同 gorgeous〉
例 The singer's magnificent performance deserved enthusiastic applause. 那位歌手华丽的表演应得到观众热情的掌声。
记 magn（大）+ ificent→大得壮观→壮观的，华丽的
联 magnificence n. 华丽，富丽堂皇

magnify
magnify［'mægnɪfaɪ］
vt. 放大，扩大〈同 intensify, enlarge〉
例　A microscope magnifies bacteria so that they can be seen and studied. 显微镜放大细菌，这样人们就能看见并研究细菌了。

magnify
magnify［'mæɡnɪfaɪ］
v. 放大；夸大
解　to increase in size, volume or significance; to enlarge beyond bounds or the truth
例　A microscope magnifies bacteria so that they can be seen and studied. 显微镜能放大细菌，使它们能被看到和研究。
同　magnification n. 放大，扩大；夸大

magnitude
magnitude［'mægnɪtju:d; (US)'mægnɪtu:d］
n. 大小；广度；重要〈同 size, extent, importance〉
例　The war brought problems of very great magnitude to many nations. 战争给许多国家带来了严重的问题。

maid
maid［meɪd］
n. 少女；女仆
例　The maid washed the dishes and swept the floor. 女佣刷碗并清洁地板。

maintain
maintain　［meɪnˈteɪn］
v. 维持，保持；继续〈同 keep〉
例 If you maintain an automobile properly, it will last longer. 如果你对汽车进行适当的保养，它就能用更长的时间。

maintenance
maintenance　［ˈmeɪntənəns］
n. ① 维修，保养〈同 preservation〉
例 Proper car maintenance includes checking the oil regularly. 适当的汽车保养包括定期检查润滑油。
例 The United Nations Security Council is in charge of the maintenance of international peace and security. 联合国安全理事会负责维护国际和平和安全。

maize
maize［meɪz］
n. 玉米
例　The maize was harvested and sold to the company to make popcorn. 玉米收获之后，卖给那家公司做成爆米花。

majesty
majesty［'mæʤɪsti］
n. 雄伟；威严，最高权威〈同 nobility〉
例　The great majesty of the Grand Canyon attracts many visitors world-wide. 壮丽的科罗拉多大峡谷吸引了全世界的游客。

makeup
makeup［'meɪkʌp］
n. ①化妆品
例　The actress put on heavy makeup for the movie. 那名演员为了出演那部电影化了很浓的妆。
例　The makeup of the university's students is half men and half women. 大学生的结构是一半男生、一半女生。

maladroit
maladroit［ˌmælə'drɔɪt］
adj. 笨拙的
解　lacking adroitness; unskillful
例　In his usual maladroit way, he managed to upset the cart and spilled the food. 他想方设法把马车推翻，把食物倒了出来，用的方法还是像往常那样笨拙。
构　mal (=bad) + a (=to) + droit < direct (=straight, right)
近　adroit adj. 熟练的，灵巧的；adroitness n. 灵巧

malaise
malaise［mə'leɪz］
n. 小恙
解　sense of being unwell; sickness
例　Since the businessman could not afford to get sick, he took medicine as a preventive measure whenever he felt a slight malaise. 这位商人承担不起生病可能带来的损失，所以只要感觉稍有不舒服，他就马上服药，以此作为一种预防的手段。

malapropism
malapropism［'mæləprɒpɪzəm］
n. 词语的误用
解　the unintentional misuse of a word by confusion with one that sounds similar
例　When Mrs. Malaprop criticized Lydia for being “as headstrong as an allegory on the banks of the Nile,” she confused “allegory” and “alligator” in a typical malapropism. 马勒普夫人批评莉迪娅“和尼罗河岸边的寓言一样顽固”时，她是把“寓言”和“短吻鳄”这两个词弄混了，这是一种典型的词语误用。

malevolent
malevolent［mə'levələnt］
adj. 有恶意的，恶毒的
解　wishing evil to others; malicious
例　The malevolent witch put a curse on the prince and turned him into a frog. 恶毒的女巫给王子下了咒语，把他变成了青蛙。
构　male < mal (=bad) + vol (=will) + ent

malfunction
malfunction［ˌmæl'fʌŋk∫ən］
n. 故障，失灵〈同　failure, breakdown〉
例　Since the elevator had a malfunction, we had to take the stairs. 由于电梯出现故障，我们不得不走楼梯。

malfunction
malfunction［mæl'fʌŋkʃən］
n. 故障，障碍 v. 发生故障
解　n. an improper functioning; failure to work or perform v. to function badly; to work or perform improperly
例　The computer virus spread through the office intranet and caused the malfunction of the computers. 这种电脑病毒在办公室内网传播，使许多电脑发生故障。

malicious
malicious［mə'lɪʃəs］
adj. 恶意的，恶毒的
解　showing ill will; wishing to hurt or make suffer; spiteful
例　The girls at school spread malicious gossip about her because they were jealous of her. 学校里的女生因为嫉妒她，到处散布关于她的恶意谣言。

malign
malign［mə'laɪn］
v. 诽谤，中伤 adj. 邪恶的
解　v. to speak evil of; slander adj. evil
例　You malign an honest person when you call that person a liar. 当你说一个诚实的人说了谎的时候，你是在对他进行毁谤。
构　mali < mal (=bad) + gn < gen (=birth)

mall
mall［mæl; mɔ:l］
n. 大型购物中心〈同 shopping center〉
例　The Mall in Central Park has always been a favorite spot for people on Sunday. 中央公园里的购物中心一直是人们周日最喜欢逛的地方。

mallet
mallet［'mælɪt］
n. 槌棒〈同　hammer〉
例　Tommy bought a new mallet for his drum kit. 汤米为他的架子鼓买了一根新鼓槌。

malnutrition
malnutrition［ˌmælnju:'trɪ∫ən; (US)-nu:-］
n. 营养不良
例　The neglected orphan suffered from malnutrition. 那名未受到良好照料的孤儿营养不良。

mammal
mammal［'mæməl］
n. 哺乳动物
例　The dolphin is a mammal, not a fish. 海豚是哺乳动物，不是鱼类。

mammoth
mammoth［'mæməθ］
adj. 巨大的〈同　gigantic, huge〉
例　The mammoth statue known as the Statue of Liberty is located in New York. 巨大的自由女神像坐落在纽约。

mandate
mandate［'mændeɪt］
n. （书面）要求；命令，训令
解　an authoritative command or instruction
例　The governor received a mandate from the voters to curb spending. 州长收到了选民关于控制开支的书面请求。

mandatory
mandatory［'mændətəri］
adj. 命令的，强制的〈同　compulsory, required〉
例　These instructions are mandatory; any violation will be severely punished. 这些指令是强制性的；任何违反指令的行为均将受到严厉处罚。

mandatory
mandatory［'mændətəri］
adj. 命令的，强制的
解　of or containing a command; commanded; required
例　The professor made it clear that the class was not optional; it was mandatory if the students had any intention of passing. 教授清楚地告诉学生这门课不是选修课；如果学生们想及格的话，就必须修这门课。

maneuver
maneuver［mə'nu:və(r)］
v.（敏捷地）操纵；（用策略）调动
例　I maneuvered the car through the heavy traffic with ease. 我轻松地把车子驶离交通拥堵地段。

mania
mania［'meɪnɪə］
n. 狂热〈同　craze, madness〉
例　His mania for drinking caused his own destruction. 他饮酒的嗜好毁了他自己。

mania
mania［'meɪnjə; -nɪə］
n. 狂热；躁狂
解　an irrational but irresistible motive for a belief or action; insanity
例　Strictly, mania is a kind of madness which makes people violent. 严格来说，躁狂是一种使人们变得暴力的疯狂行为。
同　maniac n. 【医】躁狂者，疯子

manifest
manifest［'mænɪfest］
adj. 明白的，显而易见的〈同 evident〉
例　There was manifest relief among the workers yesterday at the decision not to close the factory. 昨天，不关闭工厂的决定下达之后，工人们明显松了一口气。
vt. 表明，证明〈同 show〉
例　Her love for David was manifested in her smile every time she saw him. 她对戴维的爱从她每次见他时的微笑就可以看出来。

manipulate
manipulate［mə'nɪpjʊleɪt］
vt. 操作；操纵，利用〈同 maneuver, control〉
例　Because of my injured finger, I could not manipulate the television's controls. 因为我的手指受伤了，我没法按电视遥控器了。

manipulate
manipulate［mə'nɪpjʊleɪt］
v. 熟练地控制；操纵
解　to handle or treat, especially with skill; manage by clever use of personal influence, especially unfair influence
例　He is a clever man who knows how to manipulate public opinion. 他是一个深谙如何操纵舆论的聪明人。
同　manipulation n. 操纵；manipulative adj. 操纵别人的，老于世故的；manipulator n. 操纵者
构　man (=hand) + i + pul (=to drive) + ate

manly
manly［'mænli］
adj. 男子气概的，雄赳赳的〈同　masculine, strong〉
例　Policemen and firefighters are sometimes considered to be manly. 警察和消防员有时被认为富有男子气概。

mannerism
mannerism［'mænərɪzəm］
n. 特殊习惯，怪癖〈同　habit, peculiarity〉
例　She's a very nice person but she has the funniest mannerisms, like she holds her nose when she's thinking! 她是个好人，不过她也有一些非常有意思的怪癖，比如她在思考的时候会抓着自己的鼻子！

mansion
mansion［'mæn∫ən］
n. 大厦；公寓〈同　edifice, estate〉
例　The street is lined with enormous mansions where the rich and famous live. 街道两旁是巨大的豪宅，里面住的都是富人和名人。

mantle
mantle［'mæntəl］
n. 地幔；覆盖物〈同　covering〉
例　After the blizzard, a mantle of snow covered the fields. 暴风雪过后，大地盖上了一层雪。

manual
manual　［ˈmænjʊəl］
n. 手册〈同 guide book〉
例 The car manual is on the back seat. 汽车使用说明书在后座上。
adj. 人工的，手动的〈同 hand-operated〉
例 Bob seems to lack manual skills. 鲍勃似乎缺乏动手能力。
联 manually adv. 用手地；手工地

manual
manual［'mænjʊəl］
n. 手册，说明书 adj. 手的，手动的，手工的
解　n. handbook, instruction book adj. physical
例　The computer came with an operator's manual. 电脑附带一本操作手册。

manufacture
manufacture　［ˌmænjʊˈfæktʃə(r)］
n./v. 制造〈同 produce〉
例 This factory manufactures furniture. 这家工厂生产家具。
联 manufacturer n. 厂商

manufacture
manufacture［ˌmænjʊ'fæktʃə(r)］
v. 制造
解　to put together out of components or parts; to produce
例　Because of the low cost of labor, the country manufactured many goods and exported them abroad. 这个国家的劳动力成本低，因此大量制造产品并出口到国外。

manumit
manumit［ˌmænjʊ'mɪt］
v. 解放（奴隶）
解　to free from slavery or servitude
例　Lincoln was in support of manumitting slaves. 林肯支持解放奴隶。
近　mammal n. 哺乳动物；maul v. 撕裂皮肉，伤害；menu n. 菜单；mansion n. 豪宅，公馆；大厦

manure
manure［mə'njʊə(r)］
n. 肥料〈同　fertilizer〉
例　The manure was spread on the soil before the seeds were planted. 播种之前在地里撒上了肥料。

manuscript
manuscript［'mænjʊskrɪpt］
n. 手稿，原稿〈同 draft〉
例　She has just completed the manuscript for her latest novel. 她刚刚完成了最新小说的手稿。

margin
margin　［ˈmɑːʤɪn］
n. ① 边缘〈同 edge〉
例 Miss Bao always writes her corrections in the margins of her students' papers. 鲍老师总是在学生试卷的空白处写上她做的修改。
例 We allow a margin of 15 minutes in catching a train. 我们只剩15分钟来赶火车。
联 marginal adj. 记在页边的；边缘的

marine
marine　［məˈriːn］
adj. 海的；航海的；海产的〈同 sea-dwelling; maritime〉
例 Whales and dolphins are marine mammals. 鲸和海豚都是海洋哺乳动物。
记 mar（海）+ine→海的
联 mariner n. 水手

maritime
maritime［'mærɪtaɪm］
adj. 海上的，海事的〈同　marine, oceanic〉
例　The fishermen lived in a maritime village. 渔民们住在一个海边的村子里。

marsh
marsh［mɑ:ʃ］
n. 湿地，沼泽〈同 swamp〉
例　A marsh is a critical component of wildlife habitat. 湿地是野生动物栖息地的重要组成部分。

marshal
marshal［'mɑ:ʃəl］
v. 排列；整理，汇集〈同 arrange, collect〉
例　The statistician marshaled his facts before making his presentation. 统计学家先把论据整理好，然后开始做陈述。
n. 元帅，最高指挥官
例　Marshal of the Royal Air Force is the highest rank in the British Air Force. 皇家空军的元帅是英国空军里最高的军衔。

marvelous
marvelous　［ˈmɑːvələs］
adj. 不可思议的；了不起的〈同 wonderful〉
例 The weather was marvelous for an afternoon walk in the park. 天气非常适合下午去公园散步。

masculine
masculine［'mæskjʊlɪn］
adj. 男性的；男子气概的〈同 manly〉
例　In some languages, there are masculine pronouns and feminine pronouns. 在有些语言里，有阳性代词和阴性代词之分。

mason
mason［'meɪsən］
n. 泥瓦匠〈同　bricklayer〉
例　The number of masons who once worked on the Great Wall was countless. 曾经在长城上干活的泥瓦匠数不胜数。

massive
massive　［ˈmæsɪv］
adj. 大而重的，庞大的；可观的〈同 enormous, colossal〉
例 If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale. 如果干旱继续，将会发生大规模死亡。
记 mass（体积）+ive→体积大的→巨大的

masterpiece
masterpiece［'mɑ:stəpi:s］
n. 杰作，名著〈同 great work〉
例　The novelist's lifelong dream was to write a masterpiece. 这位小说家一生的梦想是创作一部经典作品。

match
match　［mætʃ］
n. 相配的人（或物)
例 We talked about their love and hopes, and we all agreed that it was a good match. 我们谈论了他们的爱与希望，大家都认为他们俩很相配。
v.（使）匹配〈同 go well together〉
例 I've been unable to match this coat with any of my dresses. 我一直没法把这件外套与我的其他裙子进行搭配。
联 matching adj.（尤指颜色或外表）相配的，一致的；matchless adj. 无敌的；无比的

mate
mate　［meɪt］
v.（使）结伴，（使）成配偶〈同 breed〉
例 The zoo bought a new male gorilla to mate with the female one. 动物园新买了一只雄性大猩猩，与雌性大猩猩配成一对。
n. 配偶〈同 spouse〉
例 A male goose has only one mate until he dies. 公鹅一生只有一个伴侣。
联 mateless adj. 无配偶的，无伴的

materialism
materialism［mə'tɪərɪəlɪzəm］
n. 实利主义，物质主义；唯物主义
例　Materialism had become such a part of her life that she was always talking about what she was planning to buy next. 物质主义已经成为她生活的一部分，她总是谈论自己接下来计划买什么。

mature
mature　［məˈtjʊə（r); (US)məˈtʊər］
adj.（智力或体力）成熟的
例 Young girls are often more mature than young boys. 小女孩通常比小男孩更成熟。
记 mat（成熟）+ure→成熟的
联 maturity n. 成熟；immature adj. 不成熟的，未完全发展的；premature adj. 早熟的

maverick
maverick［'mævərɪk］
adj. 独行的；不遵守传统的〈同　independent〉
例　The maverick pilot would not obey orders and was expelled from the Air Force. 那名特立独行的飞行员不遵守命令，被开除出空军。
n. 持异议者，自行其是者〈同　nonconformist〉
例　That scientist is a maverick who doesn't care about what others think. 那名科学家是个自行其是的人，根本不关心别人怎么想。

maximal
maximal［'mæksɪməl］
adj. 最大的
解　of, relating to, or consisting of a maximum; being the greatest or highest possible
例　The coach required his players to exert their maximal effort during the game otherwise they would be substituted. 教练要求运动员在比赛时全力以赴，否则他们就会被替换下来。

maximum
maximum　［ˈmæksɪməm］
n./adj. 最大量（的），最大限度（的)〈同 greatest〉
例 The maximum amount of time I can give you is 2 weeks. 我最多能给你两周时间。

meadow
meadow［'medəʊ］
n. 草地，牧场〈同 grassland〉
例　The meadows are covered with wildflowers at this time of year. 每年的这个时候，草地上都长满了野花。

meager
meager［'mi:gə(r)］
adj. 缺乏的，不足的〈同　scanty, poor〉
例　Without a job, he could only afford meager dinners. 没有工作，他只能负担得起寒酸的晚餐。

mean
mean　［miːn］
adj. ① 卑鄙的；吝啬的〈同 not generous〉
例 She's very mean and never shares her sweets. 她非常小气，从不跟其他人分享她的糖果。
例 Six is the mean number between three and nine. 六是三和九的平均数。

meaningful
meaningful［'mi:nɪŋfʊl］
adj. 意味深长的〈同　significant, important〉
例　His hours of study before the exam were meaningful and he got a high score. 他在考试之前几个小时的学习非常有意义，他考试得到了高分。

means
means［mi:nz］
n. 手段，方法〈同 methods〉
例　He used unfair means to get through the examination. 他用不公平的手段通过了考试。

mechanism
mechanism　［ˈmekənɪzəm］
n. 机械（装置）；机理; 运作机制〈同 device〉
例 An automobile engine is a complicated mechanism. 汽车引擎是一种非常复杂的机械装置。
记 mechan（机械）+ism→机械（装置）
联 mechanics n. 机械学，力学；mechanize v. 机械化；mechanical adj. 机械的

medal
medal［'medəl］
n. 奖章，勋章，纪念章〈同 award〉
例　The swimmer received two bronze medals at the Olympics. 在奥运会上，这位游泳选手获得了两块铜牌。

media
media　［ˈmiːdɪə］
n. 媒体
例 The media are interested in focusing on controversial matters. 媒体有兴趣关注争议性事件。

mediate
mediate［'mi:dɪeɪt］
v. 斡旋，调停，调解〈同 arbitrate〉
例　He mediated in the family dispute. 他调解家庭纠纷。

medieval
medieval［ˌmedɪ'i:vəl; (US)ˌmi:d'i:vəl］
adj. 中世纪的
例　Castles were a common sight in medieval times. 城堡在中世纪很常见。

medium
medium　［ˈmiːdɪəm］
n. 媒体；媒介；方法〈同 way〉
例 Television is an important medium for advertising. 电视是一种重要的广告媒介。

mellifluous
mellifluous［mə'lɪflʊəs］
adj. （声音、音乐等）流畅的，甜美的
解　sweetly or smoothly flowing
例　The poet always attracted a large audience to her public readings not really because of the quality of her poetry, but because of her mellifluous voice. 这位诗人总是能吸引大量的观众去参加她的公开读书会，这不是因为她的诗歌质量很高，而是因为她的嗓音甜美。

melodious
melodious［mɪ'ləʊdɪəs］
adj. 旋律优美的，悦耳的〈同　harmonious, euphonic〉
例　I sang a melodious lullaby to my baby. 我给宝宝唱了一首旋律优美的摇篮曲。

melodrama
melodrama［'melədrɑ:mə］
n. 音乐剧；情节剧
例　Their house is like a melodrama; there is always an interesting crisis happening. 他们的房子就像一出情节剧一样；经常会发生有趣的危机。

melody
melody［'melədi］
n. 旋律，曲调〈同 tune〉
例　Ellington was a composer concerned not only with melody, but with harmony, rhythm and instrumentation too. 埃林顿是一个作曲家，他不仅注重曲调，而且注重协调性、旋律和乐器。

membrane
membrane［'membreɪn］
n. 膜，薄膜
例　Our body's vital organs are covered and protected by special membranes. 人身体中的重要器官有特殊的膜覆盖和保护。

memorable
memorable［'memərəbəl］
adj. 值得记住的
解　worth remembering; not to be forgotten; notable
例　Chuck's 21st birthday party with all his friends and relatives was a memorable occasion for all. 查克的21岁生日派对和他所有的亲朋好友一起度过，对大家来说都很难忘。

memorandum
memorandum［ˌmemə'rændəm］
n. 备忘录，便笺〈同 memo〉
例　Make a memorandum of the things we'll need for the trip. 把我们旅行需要准备的东西写张条儿吧。

memorial
memorial　［məˈmɔːrɪəl］
n. 纪念物〈同 monument〉
例 Mary has a rose garden as a memorial to her dead child. 玛丽有一座玫瑰花园，作为对她死去孩子的纪念。
adj. 用以纪念的
例 Hundreds of friends and former students came to Professor Conner's memorial activities. 数百位好友和从前的学生都来参加康纳教授的纪念活动。
联 memorialize v. 纪念

memorial
memorial［mə'mɔ:rɪəl］
n. 纪念物；纪念碑 adj. 纪念性的
解　n. a structure erected to commemorate persons or events adj. helping people to remember some person, thing, or event
例　The memorial service was naturally a sad occasion, but the people tried to remember the good times they had with their deceased friend. 追悼会本该是一个悲伤的场合，但是人们总是努力回忆和已故的朋友在一起的开心时刻。

menace
menace［'menəs］
n. 危险物〈同 danger〉
例　The Third World War would be a menace to world peace. 若有第三次世界大战，那将会威胁世界和平。
vt. 威吓；胁迫〈同 threaten〉
例　The school bully menaced many of the students. 这个学校恶霸威胁过很多学生。

mend
mend［mend］
vt. 修补；改进〈同 repair, improve〉
例　He asked his mother to mend the hole in the pocket of his jeans. 他让母亲为他缝补好牛仔裤口袋上的破洞。

mental
mental［'mentəl］
adj. 精神的；智力的〈同 cerebral, intellectual〉
例　His mental development is ahead of most other children's in his class. 他的智力发展要比班级里的大多数孩子超前。

mentor
mentor［'mentɔ:(r); 'mentə(r)］
n. 导师
解　teacher
例　Doug learned from his mentor both professional skills and personal ethics, two values needed to succeed in life. 道格从他的导师那里学到了专业技能和个人道德，这正是成功的人生所需要的两种价值观念。
近　menthol n. 薄荷醇

mercantile
mercantile［'mɜ:kəntaɪl］
adj. 贸易的，商业的
解　of or relating to or characteristic of trade or traders
例　Silk Street is the best place to find cheap mercantile goods. 秀水街是找到便宜商品的最佳去处。

mercenary
mercenary［'mɜ:sɪnəri］
adj. 唯利是图的 n. 雇佣兵
解　working only for money or other reward; inspired by love of money n. a person hired to fight in another country merely for wages
例　Mercenaries do not normally have any sense of loyalty; their only incentive is money. 雇佣兵通常都没有忠诚感；钱是他们唯一的动机。

merchandise
merchandise［'mɜ:tʃəndaɪs; 'mɜ:tʃəndaɪz］
n. 商品〈同 goods〉
例　There was a sale on all merchandise in the store. 这个商店里的所有商品都在大减价。

merchandise
merchandise［'mɜ:tʃəndaɪs］
n. 商品；货品
解　commodities offered for sale
例　The newspaper advertisement pictured the merchandise that was on sale. 报纸广告刊登了廉价出售的商品的图片。

merchant
merchant　［ˈmɜːtʃənt］
n. 商人
例 They worked illegally as arms merchants. 他们从事非法倒卖军火的生意。
联 mercantile adj. 商业的，贸易的；merchandise n. 商品，货物

merchant
merchant［'mɜ:tʃənt］
n. 商人
解　a businessperson engaged in retail trade
例　The merchant sold fruit and vegetables from a portable cart on the street. 商人在停靠街边的轻便货车上售卖水果和蔬菜。

mercury
mercury　［ˈmɜːkjʊri］
n. ① 水银
例 Mercury is an element, and its symbol is Hg. 汞是一种元素，它的符号是Hg。
例 Mercury revolves around the sun once every 88 days. 水星每88天围绕太阳转一圈。
记 Mercury n.【罗马神话】墨丘利（众神的信使）

merge
merge［mɜ:ʤ］
v.（使）合并，（使）融合〈同 combine, unite〉
例　The corporation merged two of its divisions. 这个公司合并了两个部门。

merit
merit　［ˈmerɪt］
n. 优点，价值〈同 virtue〉
例 This film is entertaining but has little artistic merit. 这部电影非常有趣，但没多少艺术价值。

mesmerize
mesmerize［'mezməraɪz］
vt. 施催眠术；使入迷，迷住〈同　hypnotize; fascinate〉
例　The exciting move mesmerized everyone in the theater. 这一激动人心的举动令剧院内的所有人陶醉。

mess
mess　［mes］
n. 混乱，脏乱
例 He left his office in a mess when he worked. 他工作的时候，把办公室弄得一团糟。
联 messy adj. 肮脏的，凌乱的

messenger
messenger［'mesɪnʤə(r)］
n. 报信者，使者〈同 courier〉
例　In big cities bicycle messengers deliver packages between office buildings. 在大城市，骑自行车的快递员在一座一座的办公大楼之间投递包裹。

metabolism
metabolism［me'tæbəlɪzəm］
n. 新陈代谢
例　He had such a high metabolism that he would eat and eat but not gain any weight. 他有极高的新陈代谢能力，因此他可以不停地吃，却不会增重。

metaphor
metaphor［'metəfə(r)］
n. 隐喻，暗喻〈同　parable〉
例　“He soared like an eagle”is an example of a simile;“He is an eagle in flight”is a metaphor.“他像鹰一样翱翔”是明喻的例子；“他是一只翱翔的雄鹰”则是暗喻。

metaphysics
metaphysics［ˌmetə'fɪzɪks］
n. 形而上学，玄学
解　branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of existence, truth, and know-ledge
例　Metaphysics is the branch of philosophy that examines the nature of reality, including the relationship between mind and matter, substance and attribute, fact and value. 形而上学是哲学的分支，主要研究现实的本质，包括意识和物质、物质和属性以及事实和价值之间的关系。

meteor
meteor［'mi:tɪə(r)］
n. 流星
例　Most meteors burn up when they enter the Earth's atmosphere. 大多数流星在进入地球大气层后都会被燃烧殆尽。

meteorology
meteorology［ˌmi:tjə'rɒləʤi］
n. 气象学
解　science dealing with phenomena of the atmosphere, especially weather processes and weather forecasting
例　The weatherman based his daily forecasts on calculated meteorology rather than lucky guesses. 气象员依靠经过测算的气象数据进行每日预报，而不是依靠侥幸猜测。

methodology
methodology［ˌmeθə'dɒləʤi］
n. 方法论，方法学
例　The scientist was well-known for his creative methodology in laboratory experiments. 这位科学家以其在实验室实验方面的创造性方法而闻名．

meticulous
meticulous［mə'tɪkjʊləs］
adj. 一丝不苟的，过细的〈同　scrupulous, factidious〉
例　She was meticulous when she cleaned her room and left nothing dirty. 她在打扫自己房间的时候非常细致，不留下任何脏东西。

metric
metric　［ˈmetrɪk］
adj. 米制的，公制的
例 A yard is about 1 meter in the metric system. 一码大约相当于公制的一米。

metropolitan
metropolitan［ˌmetrə'pɒlɪtən］
adj. 主要都市的，大城市的〈同 large city〉
例　Vermont has the lowest percentage of metropolitan residents of any state in the United States. 佛蒙特州是美国城市人口比例最低的一个州。

microbe
microbe［'maɪkrəʊb］
n. 细菌，微生物〈同　germ, bacteria〉
例　The disease is attributed to a microbe. 这种疾病归因于一种细菌。

microbe
microbe［'maɪkrəʊb］
n. 微生物
解　a minute life form (especially a disease-causing bacterium)
例　Town officials warned people against swimming in the local river because of the water pollution and the number of microbes floating around. 小镇的政府官员警告人们不要在当地的河里游泳，因为河水已被污染，并且水里有很多游离的微生物。
构　micro (=small) + be < bio (=life)

microorganism
microorganism［ˌmaɪkrəʊ'ɔ:ɡənɪz(ə)m］
n. 微生物
解　any organism (animal or plant) of microscopic size
例　The invention of the microscope helped scientists understand the function and appearance of certain microorganisms. 显微镜的发明帮助科学家了解了某些微生物的功能和外表特征。
构　micro (=minute) + organ (=instrument) + ism

microphone
microphone［'maɪkrəfəʊn］
n. 麦克风
解　a device for converting sound waves into electrical energy
例　His voice was so loud and resonant that he did not need a microphone to speak to the crowd. 他的声音大而洪亮，对人群讲话时都不需要拿麦克风。

microphone
microphone［'maɪkrəfəʊn］
n. 麦克风
解　a device for converting sound waves into electrical energy
例　She requested a cordless microphone for her lecture so she could walk around the audience. 她要求在演讲的时候使用无线麦克风，这样她就可以在听众面前走动。

microscope
microscope［'maɪkrəskəʊp］
n. 显微镜
解　instrument with a lens or combination of lenses for making small things look larger
例　Bacteria, blood cells, and other objects not visible to the naked eye are clearly visible through a microscope. 细菌、血细胞以及其他肉眼看不见的东西在显微镜下都可以清楚地看到。
同　microscopic adj. 极小的；显微镜的

mighty
mighty［'maɪti］
adj. 强大的，巨大的〈同　powerful, great〉
例　The hero in the book was mighty and he fought dragons and tigers. 书中的主人公非常强大，他能斗蛟龙、战猛虎。

migrant
migrant［'maɪgrənt］
n. 候鸟；移民
例　The migrant traveled from city to city to find jobs. 那名移居者从一个城市到另一个城市来寻找工作。

migrate
migrate［maɪ'greɪt; (US)'maɪgreɪt］
vi. 移动，迁徒〈同 move from one place to another〉
例　Pioneers from New England migrated to all parts of the United States. 从新英格兰来的开拓者移居到了美国的各个地方。

milestone
milestone［'maɪlstəʊn］
n. 里程碑；划时代的事件〈同　significant development, landmark〉
例　Man's first step on the Moon was a milestone in science. 人类在月球上迈出的第一步，是科学领域的里程碑。

milieu
milieu［'mi:ljə:; (US)mi:'ljə:］
n. 环境；背景〈同　environment, surroundings〉
例　It is incongruous to find an abstemious person in a milieu of affluence. 一个节俭的人处在一个富裕的社会环境里，是非常不协调的。

militant
militant［'mɪlɪtənt］
adj. 好战的；好暴力的〈同 warlike〉
例　Officials say the attack was orchestrated by a militant group. 官方称这次袭击是由一个激进组织策划的。

millennia
millennia［mɪ'lenɪə］
n. 一千年，千禧年〈同　a thousand years〉
例　Many millennia have passed since China's history began to be recorded. 自中国历史有记载以来，已经过去了数千年。

millionaire
millionaire［ˌmɪljə'neə(r)］
n. 百万富翁
例　The businessman dreamed of becoming a millionaire. 那名商人梦想着成为百万富翁。

mime
mime［maɪm］
vt. 模拟，模仿〈同　mimic, imitate〉
例　Some insects will mime a twig when in danger. 有一些昆虫在遇到危险的情况下会模仿树枝。

mime
mime［maɪm］
n. 哑剧 v. 模拟，通过手势和身体的动作来表达
解　n. a performance using gestures and body movements without words v. to imitate; to mimic
例　The theatrical mime we saw last night was very interesting because the only sound we heard was the reaction of the audience. 我们昨晚在剧场看的哑剧十分有趣，现场唯一能听到的声音就是观众的反应。

mimic
mimic［'mɪmɪk］
n. 模仿者（模仿他人言行的人）v. ① 模仿 ② 戏弄
解　n. person or thing that imitates v. ① to copy closely; to imitate ② to copy or imitate so as to ridicule; mock
例　A parrot can mimic a person's voice. 鹦鹉能模仿人的声音。
近　inimical adj. 为敌的，不友善的
构　mim (=to imitate) + ic

mimicry
mimicry［'mɪmɪkri］
n.【生物】拟态；模仿
例　Mimicry is a biological phenomenon characterized by the superficial resemblance of two or more organisms that are not closely related. 拟态是一种生物学现象，其特点是没有密切关系的两个或多个生物体外表相似。

mimicry
mimicry［'mɪmɪkri］
n. 模仿，（动物等的）拟态伪装
解　imitation
例　The mimicry of insects to look like leaves is a survival mechanism. 昆虫通过模仿伪装成树叶的样子是一种生存机制。

mingle
mingle［'mɪŋgəl］
v.（使）混合；（使）结合〈同 mix〉
例　Water and oil do not mingle. 油和水不相融。

miniature
miniature［'mɪnətʃə(r); (US)'mɪnətʃʊər］
n. 缩小的模型，缩图，缩影
例　This model car is a miniature of a real one. 这个汽车模型是真车的缩小版。
adj. 微型的，缩小的〈同 tiny〉
例　Instead of buying a massive dog, Teddy got a miniature poodle. 泰迪买了一只迷你玩具贵宾犬，而没有买真的大贵宾犬。

miniature
miniature［'mɪnətʃə(r)］
adj. 小型的，缩影的 n. 小画像；缩影
解　being on a very small scale n. a copy or model that represents or reproduces something in a greatly reduced size
例　His favorite hobby was collecting miniature models of cars. 他的爱好是收集汽车模型。

minimal
minimal［'mɪnɪməl］
adj. 最小的，最小限度的
解　least possible; very small
例　Eric was so lazy that he only exerted the minimal effort to pass his courses. 埃里克太懒了，他只付出了最小的努力来通过各科的考试。

minimize
minimize［'mɪnɪmaɪz］
v.（使）最小化，（使）减到最小〈同 diminish〉
例　The businesswoman tried to minimize her losses when the stock market collapsed. 股市崩盘之后，女商人尽量把她的损失降低到最少。

minimize
minimize［'mɪnɪmaɪz］
v. 低估；把…减到最小
解　to reduce to the smallest possible amount or degree
例　The company directors met to talk about ways to minimize risks and increase profits. 公司主管聚集在一起，讨论降低风险和提高利润的方法。

minimum
minimum　［ˈmɪnɪməm］
adj. 最小的，最低的〈同 smallest〉
例 The minimum age for leaving school is 16. 离校的最小年龄是16岁。
n. 最小值
例 You ought to eat a minimum of 1,000 calories a day. 你每天摄入的热量至少要达到1,000卡路里。
联 minimize v. 减到最低程度

minority
minority　［maɪˈnɒrəti; (US)maɪˈnɔːrəti］
n. 少数；少数民族
例 Only a minority of his wages was spent on feeding his family. 他的工资只有一小部分用来养家糊口。

minority
minority［maɪ'nɒrɪti; mɪ-］
n. ① 少数 ② 少数民族
解　① the smaller number or part; less than half ② a group within a country, state, etc., that differs in race, religion, national origin, etc., from the larger part of the population
例　A minority of the voters wanted a tax increase, but the majority defeated it. 少数选民希望增加税收，但是大多数选民都不同意。

minus
minus　［ˈmaɪnəs］
adj. 负的
例 Minus six plus minus two equals minus eight. 负6加负2等于负8。
prep. 减去
例 Fifteen minus four equals eleven. 15减4等于11。

minuscule
minuscule［'mɪnəskju:l］
adj. 极小的〈同　tiny, very small〉
例　The students used a microscope to look at a minuscule organism. 学生们用显微镜来观察微小的有机体。

minuscule
minuscule［'mɪnəskju:l］
adj. ① 极小的，微小的 ② 小写的
解　① very small ② of, relating to, or written in a lowercase letter
例　The microbiologist used an electron microscope to examine minuscule objects. 微生物学家使用电子显微镜来检测微小的物体。

minute
minute　［maɪˈnjuːt］
adj. ① 极小的，极少的〈同 tiny〉
例 The baby mice were minute when they were born. 老鼠幼崽在刚出生时非常小。
例 Please report this event in minute detail. 请详细报道此事件。
记 minu（小）+te→极小的
联 minutia n. 细节，琐事

minutia
minutia［maɪ'nju:ʃɪə］
n. 微枝末节，细节
解　details, trivia
例　The media gives us more minutiae about movie stars than we really need to know. 媒体向我们报导很多关于电影明星的细节资料，比我们真正想知道的多得多。

miracle
miracle　［ˈmɪrəkəl］
n. 奇迹，奇事〈同 marvel〉
例 It's a miracle of nature that life can grow on plants that look dead all winter. 那些在整个冬天看起来像是死掉的植物竟然能恢复生机，真是大自然的奇迹。
联 miraculous adj. 奇迹的，不可思议的

mirage
mirage［'mɪrɑ:ʒ］
n. 海市蜃楼，幻景〈同　illusion, delusion〉
例　Thirsty people walking in the desert are likely to see a mirage of a pond. 口渴的人在沙漠里行走，很可能会看到池塘的海市蜃楼。

mirror
mirror　［ˈmɪrə(r)］
vt. 反映，映出〈同 reflect〉
例 The strength of the economy is mirrored in improved living standards. 经济的力量反映在生活水平的提高上。

misbehave
misbehave［mɪs'bɪheɪv］
v. 行为不端，举止不当
解　to behave (oneself) in an inappropriate way
例　Although she was the brightest student in the class, she was not nominated to receive the “Model Student Award” because she misbehaved. 她是班里最聪明的学生，但是由于行为不端，她没有获得“模范学生奖”的提名。

mischief
mischief［'mɪstʃɪf］
n. 恶作剧，淘气
例　The dog's mischief made a mess of the house when the owners were gone. 当主人不在家的时候，顽皮的狗把整个屋子弄得一团糟。

misconduct
misconduct［mɪs'kɒndʌkt］
n. 行为不端
解　bad behavior
例　The boy's misconduct in class led to his punishment. 男孩因为在班里行为不端而受到了惩罚。

miscreant
miscreant［'mɪskrɪənt］
n. 恶棍，歹徒
解　wretch; villain
例　The miscreant became a lawless criminal when he grew up. 这个恶棍长大以后变成了一个违法犯罪的罪犯。

misdeed
misdeed［ˌmɪs'di:d］
n. 恶行
解　a bad act; wicked deed
例　The president's misdeed became a controversial scandal. 总统的恶劣行为变成了一个引起争议的丑闻。

misdemeanor
misdemeanor［ˌmɪsdɪ'mi:nə(r)］
n. 【律】轻罪；不良行为
解　an offence less serious than a felony; minor crime
例　Since Brad was only charged with a misdemeanor, not a felony, he received a light sentence. 由于布拉德只是被指控为品行不端，而非刑事重罪，因此他被从轻判决。

miserable
miserable　［ˈmɪzərəbəl］
adj. 痛苦的，悲惨的，可怜的〈同 unhappy〉
例 She's been so miserable since her dog died. 自从她的狗死了之后，她便一直非常痛苦。

misery
misery［'mɪzəri］
n. 悲惨，不幸〈同 pain〉
例　I was in great misery when I broke my leg. 我的腿断了，十分痛苦。

misfortune
misfortune［mɪs'fɔ:tʃu:n］
n. 不幸，灾祸〈同 disaster〉
例　It was a misfortune that you lost your money so early in the trip. 旅行才刚开始你就把钱丢了，真不幸。

mishap
mishap［'mɪshæp］
n. 不幸，坏运气
解　an instance of misfortune; mischance
例　When his basketball broke the window, Bruce immediately apologized and paid for the mishap. 布鲁斯的篮球把窗玻璃打碎了，他立即道歉并赔偿了损失。

mislead
mislead［mɪs'li:d］
vt. 使误入歧途，误导；欺骗〈同 misguide, deceive〉
例　It is against the law to post an advertisement that misleads the public. 张贴误导公众的广告是违法的。

misplace
misplace［ˌmɪs'pleɪs］
v. 错误放置（口语中也指忘记放在什么地方）
解　to put into a wrong place
例　He was late because he had misplaced his car keys and couldn't find them. 由于他忘了把车钥匙放在哪儿了，怎么也找不到，因此迟到了。

missile
missile　［ˈmɪsaɪl］
n. 导弹，发射物
例 There are enough atomic missiles to destroy the whole world several times. 原子弹的数量已经足以将整个世界毁灭许多次。

mission
mission　［ˈmɪʃən］
n. 使命；任务〈同 task〉
例 Their mission was to find a way to the top of the mountain. 他们的任务是找到一条通往山顶的路。

missionary
missionary［'mɪʃənəri; (US)'mɪʃəneri］
n. 传教士〈同 preacher〉
例　He spent 20 years in Africa as a missionary. 他在非洲从事了20年的传教工作。

mist
mist　［mɪst］
n. 薄雾；喷雾
例 The gardener sprayed the plants with mist. 园艺师给植物洒喷雾。

mistrust
mistrust［mɪs'trʌst］
vt. 不信任，不相信，怀疑〈同　distrust, suspect〉
例　She mistrusted her husband's excuse for coming home late and asked him repeatedly what he had been doing. 她不相信丈夫所说的回家晚的理由，因此一遍遍地问他都做了什么。

mitigate
mitigate［'mɪtɪgeɪt］
vt. 使减轻，使缓和〈同　alleviate, relieve〉
例　A bouquet of roses should mitigate your wife's anger. 一束玫瑰花应该能缓和您妻子的怒气。

mnemonics
mnemonics［ni:'mɒnɪks］
n. 记忆法，记忆术
解　a system to develop or improve the memory
例　After his course in mnemonics, he could remember all the names of the people he met. 在学完记忆法的课程之后，他能记住所有见过面的人的名字。

mnemonics
mnemonics［ni:'mɒnɪks］
n. 记忆法，记忆规则
解　a system to develop or improve the memory
例　Jerry practised mnemonics in order to get better grades on his exams and succeed in life. 为了在考试时取得更好的成绩并且获得成功的人生，杰里努力练习记忆法。

moan
moan［məʊn］
n. 呻吟〈同　groan, sob〉
例　I could hear the moans of the patient in the next room. 我能听到隔壁房间那名患者的呻吟声。
v. 发出呻吟声；抱怨〈同　lament〉
例　She moaned all night when her pet fish died. 她的宠物鱼死后，她哀叹了一整夜。

moat
moat［məʊt］
n. 护城河，壕沟〈同　trench〉
例　The moat around the castle was ten feet deep. 城堡周围的护城河有十英尺深。

mobile
mobile　［ˈməʊbaɪl］
adj. ① 可移动的〈同 moveable〉
例 The mobile blood bank operated by the Red Cross visited our neighborhood today. 由红十字会管理的移动血库今天来到了我们社区。
例 Her face is so mobile—one minute she seems to be laughing, the next crying! 她的面部表情真丰富——前一分钟看起来还在笑，后一分钟就变成哭了！
联 mobility n. 流动性；灵活性；immobile adj. 稳定的

mobilize
mobilize［'məʊbɪlaɪz］
v. 动员
例　The senator mobilized all her supporters for her reelection campaign. 在连任竞选时，参议员动员了她所有的支持者。

mock
mock［mɒk］
v. 尤指以（模仿性）嘲笑〈同 ridicule〉
例　Don't mock him just because he keeps falling off his bike. 不要仅仅因为他总是从自行车上摔下来就嘲笑他。

mode
mode　［məʊd］
n. 方式，模式〈同 manner〉
例 Our mode of doing business is to treat the customer like royalty. 我们做生意的方式是把客户当作王室成员一样对待。

moderate
moderate
例 Unlike moderate antislavery advocates, abolitionists demanded an immediate end to slavery. 与温和的反对奴隶制的主张不同，废奴主义者要求立即废除奴隶制。
例 Cool breezes will moderate the high temperatures of the last two days. 凉风将使过去两天的高温有所缓解。
记 moder（=mod 风度）+ate→做事有风度→适度的
联 immoderate adj. 无节制的；moderation n. 适度

modest
modest　［ˈmɒdɪst］
adj. 谦虚的；适度的〈同 humble; moderate〉
例 Bernie won many awards as a translator but he is always modest when he speaks about it. 作为一名翻译，伯尼获得过许多奖项，但他在谈论这些荣誉的时候却始终非常谦虚。
记 mod（方式，风度）+est→做事有风度→谦虚的；适度的
联 immodest adj. 不谦虚的

modest
modest［'mɒdɪst］
adj. ① 谦虚的，谦让的 ② 适度的
解　① not thinking too highly of oneself; not vain; humble ② not too great; not asking too much
例　In spite of many honors, the scientist remained a modest person. 虽然获得了很多荣誉，这位科学家依然很谦虚。
同　modesty n. 谦虚；节制

modify
modify　［ˈmɒdɪfaɪ］
vt. 修改，变更〈同 alter〉
例 I modified my travel plans by staying an extra night in Rome. 我修改了我的旅行计划，决定在罗马多住一晚。
记 mod（=mode 方式）+ ify→改变方式→修改
联 modification n. 修改，修饰；modifiable adj. 可更改的；modifier n. 改造者；修饰语

modify
modify［'mɒdɪfaɪ］
v. 修改，变更
解　to change something a little
例　He asked the mechanic to modify his car to include his preferences, such as a new sunroof and tinted windows. 他要求机械师按照他的偏好来改装汽车，比如换个天窗、换个深色的车窗玻璃。
同　modification n. 修饰，修改

modish
modish［'məʊdɪʃ］
adj. 时髦的
解　fashionable
例　She always discarded all garments which were no longer modish. 她通常会把所有过时的衣服都扔掉。

moisture
moisture　［ˈmɔɪstʃə］
n. 潮湿，湿气；湿度〈同 wetness〉
例 I could feel the moisture in the air on the muggy day. 在闷热的桑拿天里，我能感觉到空气中的潮湿。
联 moisten vt. 弄湿，使湿润；moist adj. 潮湿的，多雨的

mold
mold［məʊld］
vt. 塑造〈同　shape, model〉
例　The sculptor molded the clay into a flowerpot. 雕刻家用模子把黏土做成花盆。
n. ①模子；铸型〈同　die, frame〉
例　She makes candles by pouring wax into copper molds. 她通过把蜡倒入铜模具中来制作蜡烛。
例　I threw out the bread because of the mold spotting its surface. 我把那块面包扔了，因为面包表面都长霉菌了。

molecule
molecule　［ˈmɒlɪkjuːl］
n. 分子
例 One molecule of water equals two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. 一个水分子等于两个氢原子和一个氧原子。
联 molecular adj. 分子的

molten
molten［'məʊltən］
adj. 熔融的，熔化的〈同　melted, fused〉
例　The city of Pompeii was destroyed by volcanic ash rather than by molten lava flowing from Mount Vesuvius. 摧毁庞贝古城的是火山灰，而不是维苏威火山喷出的熔岩。

momentary
momentary［'məʊməntəri］
adj. 暂时的，瞬间的〈同　instantaneous〉
例　The sight of the shooting star was only momentary. 看到流星只是一瞬间的事。

monarch
monarch［'mɒnək］
n. 君主，帝王〈同　king, ruler〉
例　Prince William may become the next English monarch. 威廉王子或许将成为下一任英国国王。

monarch
monarch［'mɒnək］
n. 君主，帝王
解　the ruler of a nation
例　Queen Victoria was Great Britain's monarch from 1837 to 1901. 从1837年到1901年，维多利亚女王是大不列颠的君主。

monetary
monetary［'mʌnɪtri］
adj. 货币的，金钱的〈同　fiscal, pecuniary〉
例　In response to the bad economy, the President will announce a national policy for monetary reforms. 为了应对糟糕的经济状况，总统将宣布一项货币改革的国家政策。

monitor
monitor　［ˈmɒnɪtə(r)］
vt. 监控；探测〈同 watch; locate〉
例 The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat every minute. 医生监控患者每分钟的心跳。

monochromatic
monochromatic［ˌmɒnəʊkrə'mætɪk］
adj. 单色的，一色的
例　The painting of the cloudless sky was in monochromatic blue. 画万里无云的天空时，使用的是单一的蓝色。

monocle
monocle［'mɒnɒkəl］
n. 单片眼镜
解　a lens for correcting defective vision in one eye
例　The professor used a monocle since one of his eyes was blind. 自从一只眼睛失明之后，教授一直使用单片眼镜。

monolithic
monolithic［ˌmɒnə'lɪθɪk］
adj. ① 整体式的 ② 完整的；坚定的；庞大的
解　① constituting or acting as a single, often rigid, uniform whole ② uniform, solid, and massive
例　Nothing could bend the monolithic will of the people. 没有什么能使人民坚定的意愿屈服。
构　mono (=one) + lith (=stone) + ic

monologue
monologue［'mɒnəlɒɡ］
n. ① 自言自语 ② 独白
解　① speech you make to yourself ② a (usually long) dramatic speech by a single actor
例　She entertained the audience with a witty autobiographical monologue. 她使用机智诙谐的自传式独白愉悦观众。
构　mono (=single) + log (=speech) + ue

monopolize
monopolize［mə'nɒpəlaɪz］
vt. 独占，垄断〈同　dominate, occupy〉
例　The three leading companies entered into a secret agreement in order to monopolize the entire industry. 为了垄断整个行业，三家领先的公司达成了一项秘密协议。

monopoly
monopoly［mə'nɒpəli］
n. 垄断，独占
例　The company once had a monopoly on the telecom industry. 这家公司曾经垄断了电信行业。

monopoly
monopoly［mə'nɒpəli］
n. 垄断，专利权
解　exclusive control or possession of something
例　The government refused to allow the two corporations to merge into one for fear that they would create a monopoly and charge customers any price they wanted. 政府不允许这两家公司合并成一家，因为担心这样会形成垄断，会导致他们向消费者任意要价。
同　monopolization n. 垄断

monotonous
monotonous［mə'nɒtənəs］
adj. 单调乏味的；无变化的〈同　boring; repetitive〉
例　My professor's monotonous voice puts me to sleep. 我的教授单调的嗓音让我昏昏欲睡。

monotony
monotony［mə'nɒtəni］
n. 单调
解　sameness leading to boredom
例　The monotony in the professor's voice made many students doze off during class. 教授单调的声音使很多学生在课堂上打起了瞌睡。
同　monotonous adj. 单调的，无聊的

morale
morale［mə'rɑ:l; (US)'mɜ:ræl］
n. 士气〈同　confidence, spirit〉
例　With no food or water, the soldiers' morale waned. 由于没有食物和水，士兵们士气低落。

morality
morality［mɒ'ræləti］
n. 道德〈同 righteousness〉
例　I have to question the morality of forcing poor people to pay for their medical treatment. 强迫穷人为医疗护理埋单，我不得不质疑这种行为的道德性。

morphology
morphology［mɔ:'fɒləʤi］
n. 形态学，形态论
例　The biology class on morphology used a dead cat as a lab specimen. 讲授形态学的生物课用一只死猫作为实验样品。

mortal
mortal［'mɔ:təl］
adj. 必死的；致命的〈同 fatal〉
例　The soldier received a mortal wound in battle. 这名士兵在战场上受了致命伤。

mortar
mortar［'mɔ:tə(r)］
n. 灰泥；臼，研钵
例　The mason used a mortar of cement when building a brick house. 泥瓦匠在盖砖房的时候，使用了混有水泥的砂浆。

mortgage
mortgage［'mɔ:gɪʤ］
n. 抵押贷款
例　If you fail to repay the mortgage, the bank will repossess your house. 如果你无法偿还贷款，银行将收回你的房子。

mosaic
mosaic［mə'zeɪɪk］
n./adj. 镶嵌图案（的）
例　She made a mosaic out of broken glass from different colored bottles. 她用把不同颜色的瓶子打碎后的玻璃做了一个镶嵌画。

mosquito
mosquito　［məˈskiːtəʊ］
n. 蚊子
例 I became sick after I was bitten by a mosquito. 我被一只蚊子叮了之后就病了。

motif
motif［məʊ'ti:f］
n.（作品的）主题，主旨〈同　theme, subject〉
例　Seeing how animals lived was a motif that the children enjoyed. 亲眼见证动物们如何生活是孩子们喜欢的一个主题。

motility
motility［məʊ'tɪlɪtɪ］
n. 能动性
解　ability to move spontaneously
例　The motility of frogs comes from the propulsion of their leg muscles. 青蛙之所以能跳动，是由于它的腿部肌肉具有推进力。

motivate
motivate　［ˈməʊtɪveɪt］
vt. 激发，刺激〈同 prompt〉
例 The energetic teacher motivates her students by praising them for good work. 那位精力充沛的老师通过对学生的良好表现进行表扬来激励他们。
记 motiv（动机）+ate→有动机→激发
联 motivation n. 动机；刺激

motivate
motivate［'məʊtɪveɪt］
v. 促使，激发
解　to give a motive or incentive to
例　The coach motivated his players to play the best game of their lives. 教练激励运动员们打一场生平最好的比赛。
同　motivation n. 动机，目的；motivational adj. 激发积极性的

motive
motive［'məʊtɪv］
n. 动机，目的
解　the reason for the action
例　The student had only one motive in college—to make good grades and find a good job after graduation. 这个学生上大学只有一个目的，那就是拿高分，然后在毕业后找一份好工作。

mount
mount　［maʊnt］
v. ① 增长〈同 increase〉
例 Rent mounts month by month. 租金每月都在上涨。
例 He mounted a horse and rode off in a cloud of dust. 他骑上马，在飞扬的尘土中疾驰而去。

mournful
mournful［'mɔ:nfʊl］
adj. 悲痛的，悲哀的〈同 sorrowful〉
例　We heard the mournful cry of a wolf. 我们听见了一只狼的哀鸣。

muddy
muddy［'mʌdi］
adj. 多泥的，泥泞的
例　The dog played in the rain and when it came back, it left muddy footprints on the floor. 小狗在雨里玩耍过，当它回到家，地板上留下了带着泥巴的足印。

mulberry
mulberry［'mʌlbəri; (US)'mʌlberi］
n. 桑树
例　The larva silkworm feeds on mulberry leaves. 蚕的幼虫以桑叶为食。

multicellular
multicellular［ˌmʌltɪ'seljʊlə(r)］
adj. 多细胞的
例　Humans are multicellular organisms. 人是多细胞生物。

multifaceted
multifaceted［ˌmʌltɪ'fæsɪtɪd］
adj. 多方面的；多才多艺的〈同　complex; versatile〉
例　It's a multifaceted business, offering a range of services. 这是一家综合性公司，可以提供各种服务。

multiple
multiple［'mʌltɪpəl］
adj. 多样的，多重的
例　When selecting your answer from among several in a multiple choice test, always seek the word that is nearest or most appropriate. 在做选择题的时候，要选出那个意思最接近或者最恰当的单词。

multiply
multiply　［ˈmʌltɪplaɪ］
v. ① 繁殖，增加〈同 proliferate, increase〉
例 The world population is multiplying fast. 世界人口在迅速增加。
例 Two multiplied by four is eight. 2乘以4等于8。

multitude
multitude［'mʌltɪtju:d; (US)'mʌltɪtu:d］
n. 大量，多数〈同 a great number〉
例　The book will find a multitude of readers. 那本书将拥有众多的读者。

mundane
mundane［'mʌndeɪn］
adj. ①平常的，普通的〈同　ordinary, everyday〉
例　Sally was tired of her mundane homework and wanted something more challenging. 萨莉厌倦了单调的家庭作业，希望来一些更具挑战性的东西。
例　He devoted himself to the spiritual needs of his followers, and left to his aides such mundane tasks as providing food and shelter. 他毕生致力于满足其追随者的精神需求，而把一些世俗的任务留给了他的助手，比如提供食物和住所等。

municipal
municipal［mju:'nɪsɪpəl］
adj. 市的，市政的〈同 civic〉
例　Municipal planners deal chiefly with the new layout of communities. 市政设计者主要负责社区新布局。

mural
mural［'mjʊərəl］
n. 壁画，壁饰〈同　wall painting〉
例　The museum painted murals on the hallway to the main exhibit. 博物馆在通往主展厅的走廊上绘制了壁画。

murmur
murmur［'mɜ:mə(r)］
v. 低声说，低语
例　The shy child murmured her thanks. 害羞的小女孩喃喃地道谢。

muscular
muscular［'mʌskjʊlə(r)］
adj. 强壮的，肌肉发达的〈同 brawny〉
例　He wished he was more muscular and didn't have such skinny arms. 他希望自己能更结实一点，而不是有这样皮包骨头的臂膀。

mushroom
mushroom　［ˈmʌʃrʊm］
n. 蘑菇
例 Thousands of mushrooms covered the dark forest floor. 成千上万的蘑菇覆盖着森林里不见阳光的地表。
v. 迅速生长
例 Since the government began offering easy loans, small businesses have mushroomed. 由于政府开始提供宽松的贷款，因此小企业如雨后春笋般迅速增加。

mute
mute［mju:t］
adj. 哑的；无声的，沉默的〈同 unable to speak, silent〉
例　The little girl stood mute with astonishment. 小女孩惊呆了，默默地站着。

mutual
mutual　［ˈmjuːtjʊəl］
adj. 相互的；共有的〈同 interactive〉
例 Although Bob and his father do not agree on the issues, they have a mutual respect for each other's opinions. 虽然鲍勃和他父亲在这几个问题上没有达成一致，但他们都相互尊重彼此的意见。
联 mutually adv. 互相地

myriad
myriad［'mɪrɪəd］
n. 许多，无数
例　A country sky on a clear night is filled with a myriad of stars. 在晴朗的夜晚，乡村的夜空中缀满了无数的星辰。
adj. 无数的〈同　many, countless〉
例　The geese flew south in a myriad flock. 无数群大雁向南飞。

mysterious
mysterious［mɪ'stɪərɪəs］
adj. 神秘的，不可思议的〈同 unexplainable, enigmatic〉
例　The appearance of UFOs has always been mysterious. UFO是什么样子一直都是个迷。

myth
myth　［mɪθ］
n. 神话，神话故事〈同 legend〉
例 When I was a child, my grandmother told me the myths that she had heard from her grandmother. 当我还是个孩子的时候，奶奶把她从她奶奶那里听到的神话故事讲给我听。
联 mythical adj. 神话的，虚构的；mythology n. [总称]神话

mythology
mythology［mɪ'θɒləʤi］
n. 神话学；神话
解　the study of myths
例　The mythology of many ancient societies saw the sun as a deity. 在很多古代社会的神话故事中，太阳都被看做神。

naive
naive［nɑ:'i:v］
adj. 天真的；幼稚的，容易上当的〈同 unsophisticated, innocent〉
例　Young, naive and trusting as I was, I believed every word he said. 那时的我年轻、幼稚，容易相信人，所以我相信他说的每句话。

naked
naked　［ˈneɪkɪd］
adj. 裸体的，无遮盖的〈同 nude〉
例 Due to the refraction of light rays, it is impossible for the naked eye to determine the exact location of a star close to the horizon. 由于光线会发生折射，因此用肉眼无法确定一颗接近地平线的星星的确切位置。

namely
namely［'neɪmli］
adv. 即，也就是
例　I like science subjects at school, namely mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology. 在学校里，我喜欢理科科目，也就是数学、物理、化学和生物。

nap
nap［næp］
n.（白天）小睡，打盹〈同 doze〉
例　People usually feel sleepy after lunch. It is beneficial for them to take a nap. 人们通常在午餐后容易犯困。对他们来说打个盹是很有益的。

narrate
narrate［nə'reɪt］
v. 讲述〈同 tell〉
例　The speaker presented slides and narrated the story behind them. 演讲者播放幻灯片，讲述它们背后的故事。

nasty
nasty［'nɑ:sti; (US)'næsti］
adj. ① 令人不愉快的，讨厌的〈同 unpleasant〉
例　The nasty weather ruined our plans for a picnic. 糟糕的天气毁掉了我们去野餐的计划。
例　Several nasty people threw rocks at the birds on the lake. 几个素质低下的人向湖里的鸟儿扔石头。

naturalist
naturalist［'nætʃərəlɪst］
n. 自然主义者；博物学家
例　Many of the people who work at the zoo are naturalists. 许多在动物园工作的人都是自然主义者。

naughty
naughty［'nɔ:ti］
adj. 顽皮的，淘气的〈同　disobedient, mischievous〉
例　The boy was very nanghty and would not listen to his mother. 那个男孩非常调皮，根本不听他妈妈的话。

naval
naval［'neɪvəl］
adj. 海军的；军舰的〈同　maritime〉
例　England was well-known for its naval power. 英格兰以其海军力量而闻名。

neat
neat［ni:t］
adj. 整洁的；整齐的〈同　tidy, clean〉
例　His mom cleaned his room and left it looking neat. 他妈妈给他打扫了房间，让房间看起来非常整洁。

necessitate
necessitate［nɪ'sesɪteɪt］
vt. 使成为必需，需要〈同 make necessary〉
例　Her broken leg necessitated an operation. 他的腿部骨折了，需要做手术。

needy
needy［'ni:di］
adj. 贫穷的，生活艰苦的〈同　poor, indigent〉
例　The money from the charity event will go to the needy. 慈善活动募集的钱将捐给贫困者。

negative
negative　［ˈneɡətɪv］
adj. ① 否定的；负的〈同 adverse〉
例 We got a negative answer to our request. 我们的请求被拒绝了。
例 If you're so negative, you'll never get the job. 如果你总是这么消极，你就永远找不到工作。
记 neg（否认，否定）+ ative→否定的
联 negate v. 否定，打消

neglect
neglect　［nɪˈɡlekt］
n./vt. 疏忽；忘记〈同 disregard; ignore〉
例 He works so hard that he neglects his family. 他工作太卖力了，把家人都忽视了。
联 negligent adj. 疏忽的，粗心大意的；negligible adj. 可忽略的，无关紧要的

negligible
negligible［'neglɪʤəbəl］
adj. 可忽略的，无关紧要的〈同 insignificant, tiny〉
例　The loss of ten cents is negligible. 十美分的损失微不足道。

negotiate
negotiate　［nɪˈɡəʊʃɪeɪt］
v. 谈判，交涉；议定〈同 discuss〉
例 The two parties are negotiating the contract. 双方正在就合同进行磋商。
联 negotiation n. 商议，谈判

neurology
neurology［njʊə'rɒləʤi］
n. 神经病学
解　the branch of medical science that deals with the nervous system and its disorders
例　She visited several experts in neurology to get a comparative diagnosis of her nervous system disorder. 为了对自己的神经系统紊乱进行比较诊断，她拜访了好几位神经学专家。

neutral
neutral　［ˈnjuːtrəl］
adj. 中性的；中立的〈同 impartial〉
例 A neutral political viewpoint is neither conservative nor liberal. 中立的政治观点既不属于保守派，也不属于自由派。
记 neutr（中间）+al→中立的
联 neutralize v. 使中立化；使无效；neutron n. 【核物理学】中子

neutralize
neutralize［'nju:trəlaɪz; (US)'nu:-］
vt. 抵消，中和〈同　offset, counterbalance〉
例　I neutralized the acid in my stomach by taking an antacid. 我吃了一片抗酸剂，来中和胃酸。

nevertheless
nevertheless　［ˌnevəðəˈles］
adv. 仍然，不过〈同 even so, still〉
例 I don't want to come; nevertheless I shall because I feel I have to. 我不想来；但我还是会来，因为我感觉我不得不来。

niche
niche［ni:∫; nɪtʃ］
n. ①壁龛〈同　alcove, recess〉
例　The status stood in a niche. 雕像立在壁龛中。
例　After trying several career paths, he finally found his niche in engineering. 尝试过多种职业之后，他最终在工程学行业找到了适合自己的位置。

nicotine
nicotine［'nɪkəti:n］
n. 尼古丁
例　The smoker had yellow nicotine stains on his teeth and fingers. 吸烟者的牙齿和手指上会有黄色的尼古丁污渍。

nightmare
nightmare　［ˈnaɪtmɛə(r)］
n. 噩梦〈同 frightening dream〉
例 The girl had a nightmare about jumping off a burning train. 那个女孩做了一个噩梦，梦见自己从一辆着火的列车上跳了下来。
记 组合词：night（夜晚）+mare（恶魔）→夜晚梦见恶魔→噩梦

nocturnal
nocturnal［nɒk'tɜ:nəl］
adj. 夜的；夜曲的〈同　nightly〉
例　A nocturnal animal is one that is active primarily during the night. 夜行动物是主要在夜间活动的动物。

nomadic
nomadic［nəʊ'mædɪk］
adj. 游牧的，流浪的〈同　wandering, itinerant〉
例　Many Native Americans were nomadic people who lived in portable homes called teepees. 许多美洲印第安人都是游牧民族，住在一种可移动的锥形帐篷里。

nominal
nominal［'nɒmɪnəl］
adj. ① 名义上的，不实的〈同 not real〉
例　The president is the nominal head of our club, but the secretary really runs things. 在我们社团，会长只是名义上的领导，书记才是办事的人。
例　We paid our friend a nominal rent for the apartment—$5 a month. 我们住这间公寓，象征性地付点房租给朋友——每个月5美元。

nominal
nominal［'nɒmɪnəl］
adj. 名义上的，有名无实的
解　existing in name only; not real
例　The president is the nominal head of our club, but the secretary really runs things. 我们社团在名义上的领导是会长，但真正处理事务的是书记。
构　nomin (=name) + al (=nature of)

nominate
nominate［'nɒmɪneɪt］
vt. 提名；任命〈同 designate〉
例　In ominated Mary for the office of treasurer. 我认命玛丽为办公室财务主管。

nominate
nominate［'nɒmɪneɪt］
v. 提名
解　to propose as a candidate for some honor
例　The Democrats and the Republicans each nominate one candidate for the presidential election. 民主党和共和党分别推荐了一名候选人来竞选总统。

nonconformist
nonconformist［ˌnɒnkən'fɔ:mɪst］
adj./n. 不遵照传统生活的（人）〈同　unconventional; rebel〉
例　Nonconformists do not easily follow the crowd or take orders. 不墨守成规的人不会轻易从众或接受命令。

nonprofessional
nonprofessional［ˌnɔnprə'fe∫ənəl］
adj. 非专业的；无专长的〈同　amateur〉
例　The Olympics only allowed nonprofessional athletes to compete in the games. 奥运会只允许非职业运动员参加比赛。

nonsense
nonsense［'nɒnsəns; (US)-sens］
n. 胡说，废话〈同　silliness, rubbish〉
例　The city's newspapers proclaimed that the referee's decision was nonsense and their team should have won. 这座城市的报纸宣布，裁判的判决是荒谬的，他们的队伍应该赢得比赛。

nontraditional
nontraditional［ˌnɒntrə'dɪ∫ənəl］
adj. 不遵照传统生活的〈同　liberal〉
例　Nontraditional thinking most always meets initial resistence from the public and takes time to become accepted. 打破传统的思维开始通常都会遇到来自公众的阻力，需要花时间才能被接受。

norm
norm［nɔ:m］
n. 准则，规范〈同 convention, standard〉
例　You must adapt to the norms of the school. 你必须适应学校的行为准则。

normal
normal［'nɔ:məl］
adj. 正常的，一般的
解　according to what is expected, usual, or average
例　The scorching heat is normal weather during the summer in Beijing. 在北京的夏天，高温天气很正常。

normalization
normalization［ˌnɔ:məlaɪ'zeɪʃən］
n. 标准化
解　the imposition of a standard
例　The quality control department assured the normalization of production processes, resulting in quality products for the company. 质量控制部门确保生产过程的标准化，从而使公司生产出质量合格的产品。

normally
normally　［ˈnɔːməli］
adv. 正常地，通常地〈同 commonly, typically〉
例 It is normally quite hot at this time of the year in Beijing. 北京每年的这个时候通常都很热。
联 normalize v. 规格化；normalization n. 正常化，标准化

nostalgia
nostalgia［nɒs'tælʤɪə］
n. 思家病，怀旧〈同　homesickness, reminiscence〉
例　After living far away from his hometown for almost twenty years, a feeling of nostalgia often came over him. 在远离家乡生活了近二十年之后，他心中经常涌起一股乡愁。

nostalgia
nostalgia［nɒs'tælʤɪə］
n. ① 思乡病 ② 怀旧之情
解　① homesickness ② longing for the past
例　Looking at her childhood pictures brought her a sense of nostalgia. 看着小时候的照片，她产生了一种怀旧之情。
同　nostalgic adj. 怀旧的，思乡的

notable
notable［'nəʊtəbəl］
adj. 著名的；显要的〈同 noteworthy〉
例　She has made notable contributions to the field of biology. 她在生物领域做出了卓越贡献。
n. 名人，要人
例　It was hard to realize that the small, rather ordinary-looking person standing before us was a world-famous notable. 很难意识到这位站在我们面前的个子矮小、长相普通的人是一位世界知名人士。

notation
notation［nəʊ'teɪʃən］
n. 符号
例　In arithmetic we use Arabic notation（1，2，3，4，etc.）and sometimes Roman notation（Ⅰ，Ⅱ，Ⅲ，Ⅳ，etc.）. 在算术里，我们使用阿拉伯符号（1、2、3、4、等），有时候也使用罗马符号（Ⅰ、Ⅱ、Ⅲ、Ⅳ、等）。

notch
notch［nɒtʃ］
n. 刻痕
例　Scores of games used to be counted by notches on sticks. 过去经常是在木棍上刻出印痕来计算比赛的分数。

noteworthy
noteworthy［'nəʊtwɜ:ði］
adj. 值得注目的，显著的〈同　notable, remarkable〉
例　The first flight across the Atlantic was a noteworthy achievement. 穿越大西洋的第一次飞行是非常显著的成就。

notify
notify［'nəʊtɪfaɪ］
v. 通知〈同 inform〉
例　Our teacher notified us that there would be a test on Monday. 老师通知我们周一会有测试。

notorious
notorious［nəʊ'tɔ:rɪəs］
adj. 臭名昭著的，声名狼藉的〈同 disreputable〉
例　No one wanted to play poker with Tom, because he was a notorious cheater. 没人愿意和汤姆打扑克，因为他是一个臭名昭著的骗子。

nourish
nourish［'nʌrɪʃ; 'nɜ:rɪʃ］
vt. 养育；滋养〈同 feed, nurture〉
例　After the operation, the doctor plans to nourish the patient with vitamins and good food. 手术之后，医生计划用维生素和有营养的食物为病人补充营养。

novelty
novelty　［ˈnɒvəlti］
n. 新颖；新奇的事物〈同 newness〉
例 You will soon get used to the novelty of your surroundings. 你很快就能习惯周围环境带来的新奇感。
记 novel（新的）+ty→新颖

novelty
novelty［'nɒvəlti］
n. 新颖，新奇（的事物）〈同 newness〉
例　After the novelty of ice-skating wore off, we did not want to do it any more. 当新鲜感渐渐消失之后，我们再也不想去溜冰了。

novice
novice［'nɒvɪs］
n. 生手，新手〈同　tyro, beginner〉
例　My boss assigned me the onerous job of training the novice who is slow to learn. 老板给我分配了一项繁重的任务，对那名学习迟钝的新人进行培训。

noxious
noxious［'nɒk∫əs］
adj. 有害的，有毒的〈同　harmful, injurious〉
例　It is dangerous to work with noxious chemicals. 操作有毒化学品非常危险。

nuclear
nuclear［'nju:klɪə(r); 'nu:-］
adj.【核】核子的；核的，原子能的〈同　atomic〉
例　A nuclear war would be catastrophic to mankind. 核战争将是整个人类的灾难。

nuisance
nuisance　［ˈnjuːsəns; (US)ˈnuːsəns］
n. 讨厌的人或东西，麻烦事〈同 bother〉
例 It's a nuisance to have to work tonight but I did promise to finish it. 今天晚上得工作，真是令人讨厌，但我确实保证过要完成这些工作。

null
null［nʌl］
adj. 无效的；空的〈同　invalid, void〉
例　After the contract expired, it became null and void. 合同期满后，便会失效。

numerical
numerical［nju:'merɪkəl; (US)nu:'merɪkəl］
adj. 数字的，用数字表示的
例　10 is a numerical quantity. 10是个数量值。

numerous
numerous　［ˈnjuːmərəs; (US)ˈnuːmərəs］
adj. 众多的，很多的〈同 many〉
例 We've had numerous complaints about the quality of the food. 我们收到过很多关于食品质量的投诉。
记 numer（数字）+ ous→数字多的→众多的

nursery
nursery［'nɜ:səri］
n. ①托儿所
例　Families in which both parents work usually send their children to nurseries during the daytime. 双职工家庭通常会在白天把孩子送到托儿所。
例　The nursery had many species of plants. 苗圃中有许多种植物。

nutrient
nutrient［'nju:trɪənt; (US)'nu:-］
n. 营养物〈同　nourishment〉
例　During the convalescent period, the patient must be provided with nutrients. 在康复期，必须为患者提供营养。

nutrition
nutrition［nju:'trɪʃən; (US)nu:'trɪʃən］
n. 营养；营养学〈同 nourishment〉
例　The right nutrition is important to your health. 合适的营养有利于你的身体健康。

oath
oath［əʊθ］
n. 誓言，宣誓〈同 vow〉
例　Every elected official must take an oath of office. 每一个当选的官员都要宣誓就任。

obdurate
obdurate［'ɒbdjʊrɪt］
adj. 固执的，顽固的
解　stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
例　The obdurate liar had told so many lies he could not differentiate between what was true or false. 这个顽固的骗子满口谎话，连他自己都分不清楚哪些是真的哪些是假的。

obedient
obedient［ə'bi:diənt］
adj. 服从的，顺从的〈同 submissive〉
例　The soldiers were obedient to their commanding officer. 士兵服从指挥官的命令。

object
object
例 Japan and South Korea were the objects of the world's attention during the 2002 World Cup. 2002年的世界杯期间，日本和韩国成为了举世瞩目的焦点。
例 He objected to being treated like a child. 他不喜欢别人把他当成小孩子一样对待。
联 objection n. 反对；objectionable adj. 引起反对的，讨厌的

objective
objective　［əbˈʤektɪv］
n. 目标〈同 goal〉
例 The objective of the Sky Lab Mission was to study a person's ability to live and work for extended periods in the weightless conditions of space. “天空实验室计划”的目的是，研究一个人在太空中的失重状态下长时间生活和工作的能力。
adj. 客观的〈同 impartial〉
例 Science is usually concerned only with objective facts that can be proved or disproved. 科学通常只关注能被证明或反驳的客观事实。
记 object（物体，客观）+ ive→客观的

obligated
obligated［'ɒblɪgeɪtɪd］
adj. 有义务的，有责任的（to）〈同　required, responsible〉
例　The teacher was obligated to report the incident of the students cheating to the school administration. 老师有责任向学校管理部门报告学生的作弊事件。

obligation
obligation［ˌɒblɪ'geɪʃən］
n. 义务，职责〈同 duty, commitment〉
例　Doctors have an obligation to cure the sick. 救治病人是医生的职责。

oblige
oblige［ə'blaɪʤ］
vt. 迫使，责成〈同　force, compel〉
例　The law obliges companies to pay decent wages to their employees. 法律强制公司向其员工支付合理的工资。

obliterate
obliterate［ə'blɪtəreɪt］
vt. 涂掉，擦掉〈同　delete, erase〉
例　I am willing to forgive you, but I can never obliterate from my mind the memory of your dishonesty. 我愿意原谅你，但我永远无法从脑海中抹去关于你不诚实的记忆。

obliterate
obliterate［ə'blɪtəreɪt］
vt. ① 涂去，删除 ② 彻底毁坏，毁灭
解　① to rub, or blot out; to remove all signs of ② to destroy completely
例　The bomb obliterated the small town. 炸弹摧毁了这个小镇。
构　ob (=against) + liter (=letter) + ate

obscene
obscene［əb'si:n］
adj. 淫秽的，猥亵的〈同 indecent〉
例　This movie is limited to adults because there is too much obscene language in it. 这部电影仅限成年人观看，因为里面有太多污言秽语。

obscure
obscure［əb'skjʊə(r)］
vt. 隐藏，使…模糊〈同 conceal, veil〉
例　At times he seemed purposely to obscure his meaning, preferring mystery to clarity. 有时，他似乎有意地遮掩他所要表达的意思，更喜欢神秘一点，不喜欢明晰地表达。
adj. 朦胧的，模糊的，晦涩的〈同 unclear, vague〉
例　The moon is obscure on a cloudy night. 多云的夜晚，月光朦胧。

observe
observe　［əbˈzɜːv］
v. ① 观察，观测〈同 notice〉
例 Human beings like to observe the behavior of monkeys. 人类喜欢观察猴子的行为。
例 You must observe the speed limit and the rules of the game. 你必须遵守速度限制和游戏规则。
派 observation n. 观察，观测；observer n. 观测者

obsession
obsession［əb'se∫ən］
n. 入迷；固执的念头〈同　fascination, mania〉
例　Fear of falling victim to some dreadful disease can become such an obsession that it actually drives a person into a nervous breakdown. 对于染上某些严重疾病的担忧可能成为一种强迫症，实际上会让一个人精神崩溃。

obsolete
obsolete［'ɒbsəli:t; (US)ˌɑ:bsə'li:t］
adj. 废弃的；过时的〈同 outdated, outmoded〉
例　Wooden warships are obsolete. 木制军舰已经过时了。

obstacle
obstacle　［ˈɒbstəkəl］
n. 障碍〈同 obstruction〉
例 Your age is an obstacle to getting the job. 你的年龄是获得这份工作的障碍。

obstinate
obstinate［'ɒbstɪnət］
adj. 倔强的，顽固的〈同　stubborn, headstrong〉
例　The negotiations were useless because of the obstinate thinking between the countries' two leaders. 由于两国领导人固执的想法，谈判没有任何用处。

obstruct
obstruct［əb'strʌkt］
vt. 阻塞（道路、通道等）；妨碍，阻挠〈同 stop, impede〉
例　A car broke down and obstructed the traffic. 一辆汽车抛锚了，阻塞了交通。

obtain
obtain　［əbˈteɪn］
vt. 得到〈同 acquire, get〉
例 He has obtained great fame because of his intelligent work. 他凭借自己才华横溢的作品而名声大噪。
联 obtainable adj. 可得到的

obvious
obvious　［ˈɒbvɪəs］
adj. 明显的，显而易见的〈同 apparent〉
例 It is obvious that they need our help. 很明显，他们需要我们的帮助。

occasion
occasion　［əˈkeɪʒən］
n. ① 场合，时机
例 During those rare occasions when the weather is good, we eat outside. 在难得的天气晴好的情况下，我们会去外面吃饭。
例 Let's make our wedding an occasion to remember. 让我们把婚礼变成一场永生难忘的盛会。
联 occasional adj. 偶然的；临时的

occasional
occasional［ə'keɪʒənəl］
adj. 偶然的；临时的〈同　incidental; random〉
例　Except for an occasional hiker, this wilderness is unpopulated. 除了偶尔会有徒步旅行者外，这片荒地人烟稀少。

occlude
occlude［ɒ'klu:d］
v. 使闭塞，封闭；排除出去
解　to close up to block passage through
例　The navy occluded any ships from entering the restricted area. 海军封锁航道，禁止任何船只进入禁航区。

occlude
occlude［ɒ'klu:d］
v. 使闭塞，封闭；排除出去
解　to close up to block passage through
例　The blockade occluded the passage of unauthorized boats into the gulf during the war. 该海域在战争期间实行了封锁，禁止未经许可的船只进入海湾。

occupation
occupation［ˌɒkjʊ'peɪ∫ən］
n. 职业〈同　job, vocation〉
例　His occupation as a dentist earned him a decent living. 牙科医生的职业让他过上了体面的生活。

occupy
occupy　［ˈɒkjʊpaɪ］
vt. ① 居住〈同 inhabit〉
例 Generally, dormitories are occupied by students. 一般而言，学生宿舍由学生居住。
例 The war began when Iraq tried to occupy Kuwait. 伊拉克试图占领科威特，战争由此爆发。
联 occupant n. 占有者，居住者

occur
occur　［əˈkɜː(r)］
vi. ① 发生，出现〈同 happen〉
例 Quarrels occur in every family. 每个家庭都会发生争吵。
例 The idea of selling the farm has never occurred to me before. 我以前从未有过卖农场的想法。
联 occurrence n. 事件；发生

occurrence
occurrence［ə'kʌrəns］
n. 事件，发生的事情
解　an event that happens
例　Solar eclipses are rare occurrences that draw the attention of many people. 日食很少发生，发生时会吸引很多人的注意。

odd
odd　［ɒd］
adj. 奇异的，古怪的〈同 bizarre〉
例 It is odd to find a person who speaks many languages. 竟然能找到一个会说许多种语言的人，真是奇怪。
联 oddly adv. 奇特地，古怪地；odds n. 可能性，几率；胜算

odometer
odometer［əʊ'dɒmɪtə(r)］
n. （汽车等的）里程表
解　a meter that shows mileage traversed
例　Since his gas gauge was broken, he had to check his odometer to determine when he needed to get more gas. 由于汽油表坏了，他不得不检查里程表来决定是否需要加油。
近　optometrist n. 验光配镜师

odor
odor［'əʊdə(r)］
n. 气味〈同 scent〉
例　She could not remove the unpleasant odor from her kitchen after cooking. 做饭之后，她很难除去厨房里的难闻的味道。

offend
offend　［əˈfend］
v. 触怒，冒犯；违反〈同 annoy〉
例 Her little boy's lack of good manners offended her. 她的小儿子没礼貌的行为让她很生气。
联 offense n. 进攻；offensive adj. 讨厌的，无礼的

offend
offend［ə'fend］
v. 冒犯，伤害
解　to hurt the feelings of; to make angry; to displease
例　My friend was offended by my laughter. 我的笑声冒犯了朋友。
同　offense n. 冒犯，得罪；错事

offensive
offensive［ə'fensɪv］
adj. 讨厌的，无礼的；攻击性的〈同 disgusting, aggressive〉
例　“Shut up”is an offensive remark.“闭嘴”是攻击性的言辞。

offensive
offensive［ə'fensɪv］
adj. 令人不快的，得罪人的
解　violating or tending to violate or offend against
例　She slapped him in the face because of his offensive comment about her weight. 她掴了他一个耳光，因为他说的一些关于她的体重的话冒犯了她。

offer
offer　［ˈɒfə(r); (US)ˈɔːfər］
n. 出价；提议
例 They made me an offer I couldn't refuse. 他们给我出的价，我无法拒绝。
vt. 提供〈同 provide〉
例 We offered to help him but he said he didn't need it. 我们主动提出帮助他，但他说自己不需要帮助。

offhand
offhand［ˌɒf'hænd］
adj. 即兴的，当场的
解　without preparation
例　His offhand speech was given without notes or preparation. 他的即兴演讲是在没有草稿、没作事先准备的前提下进行的。

official
official［ə'fɪʃəl］
n. 官员
解　person who holds a public position or who is in charge of some public work or duty
例　The mayor is a government official. 市长是政府官员。

officiate
officiate［ə'fɪʃɪeɪt］
v. 执行职务
解　to perform the duties of any office or position
例　When he was assassinated, John F. Kennedy was cut short of officiating his United States presidency. 约翰·F. 肯尼迪不幸遇刺，他的美国总统生涯也随之终结。
构　of < ob (=intensive) + fic (=to do, to make) + iate

officious
officious［ə'fɪʃəs; ɔ'f-］
adj. 爱管闲事的；爱发命令的，好忠告的
解　intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner
例　Dan always makes an officious nuisance of himself by shouting orders, handing out papers and giving people unwanted advice. 丹总爱管闲事，比如大声指挥，分发文件，给别人不需要的意见，这让人很讨厌他。
构　of < ob (=in the way) + fic (=to do, to make) + ious

offset
offset［'ɒfset; (US)'ɔ:fset］
vt. 弥补；抵消〈同 compensate for, balance〉
例　The government increased the spending allowance to offset the rise in prices. 政府提高消费津贴来弥补物价上涨的影响。

offshore
offshore［'ɒf∫ɔ:(r); (US)'ɔ:f-］
adj. 离岸的，海面上的
例　The offshore boats were told about the coming storm and advised to return to shore. 离岸船只被告知暴风雨即将来临，并收到建议返回岸边。

offspring
offspring［'ɒfsprɪŋ; (US)'ɔ:fsprɪŋ］
n. 子孙，后代〈同 descendant〉
例　“Parent”refers to any animal or plant that produces offspring.“亲本”指任何能产生后代的动物或植物。

olfactory
olfactory［ɒl'fæktəri］
adj. 嗅觉的
例　The human olfactory organ is the nose. 人类的嗅觉器官是鼻子。

omit
omit　［əˈmɪt］
vt. 省略，省去；忽略〈同 leave out；bypass〉
例 You may omit questions nine and ten because they do not apply to students. 你可以忽略问题九与问题十，因为这两个问题不适合学生回答。
联 omission n. 省略；删节

ongoing
ongoing［'ɒngəʊɪŋ］
adj. 正在进行的〈同　continuous, existing〉
例　The development of this drug has been an ongoing project which is expected to be complete at the end of next year. 开发这种药物的项目一直都在进行，预计将在明年年底结束。

onset
onset［'ɒnset］
n. ①（病）发作〈同　attack〉
例　The onset of arthritis stopped the old lady from using the stairs. 关节炎发作，那名老太太无法爬楼梯。
例　The onset of this disease is gradual. 这种病是逐渐发作的。

onslaught
onslaught［'ɒnslɔ:t］
n. 冲击；猛攻〈同　assault, attack〉
例　The barbarians continued their onslaught of innocent townspeople for weeks. 野蛮人数周以来持续攻击无辜的市民。

ooze
ooze［u:z］
n.【地】软泥〈同　mud, mire〉
例　A driver was stuck in the ooze and could not drive any further. 一名司机（的车）陷在软泥当中，无法继续前进。
v. 渗出，泄漏〈同　seep, flow〉
例　Sweat oozed from the athlete's forehead and trickled down his cheeks. 汗水从运动员的前额渗出，并顺着他的脸颊往下流。

opaque
opaque［əʊ'peɪk］
adj. 不透明的；晦涩难懂的〈同 nontransparent, obscure〉
例　Quartz may be transparent, translucent or opaque, and it may be colorless or colored. 石英有可能是透明的、半透明的或者不透明的，也有可能是无色或者有色的。

opponent
opponent［ə'pəʊnənt］
n. 对手，反对者〈同　competitor, adversary〉
例　The team beat their opponents in today's game. 在今天的比赛中，这支队伍击败了他们的对手。
adj. 敌对的，反对的〈同　adverse, hostile〉
例　The opponent army attacked our castle from two sides. 敌方军队从两侧攻击了我们的城堡。

opportune
opportune［'ɒpətju:n; ˌɒpə't-］
adj. 凑巧的，恰好的；（指行动或事件）及时的，适宜的
解　suitable or at a time that is suitable or advantageous especially for a particular purpose
例　Janet stopped the car at an opportune place on the mountain to see the sunset. 珍妮特把车停在山上恰好可以看到日落的地方。
构　op < ob (=toward) + port (=to carry) + une

opportunity
opportunity　［ˌɒpəˈtjuːnəti; (US)ˌɒpəˈtuːnəti］
n. 机会，时机〈同 chance〉
例 Winning the contest gave me the opportunity to quit my job. 赢得这场比赛，让我有机会辞掉工作。

opportunity
opportunity［ˌɒpə'tju:nəti］
n. 机会
解　a possibility due to a favorable combination of circumstances
例　 The country's economic reform will create opportunities as well as risks. 这个国家的经济改革在带来机遇的同时也会产生风险。

oppose
oppose［ə'pəʊz］
v. 反对
解　to fight against sb. in a battle; to act against in an argument
例　Everyone but the founder of the company was opposed to selling the company during the period of economic hardship. 在经济不景气的时期，除了公司创办者，所有人都反对变卖公司。
同　opposing adj. 相反的；opposition n. 反对；opponent n. 对手，敌手

opposed
opposed　［əˈpəʊzd］
adj. 反对的〈同 contrary〉
例 We're going to the seaside this year as opposed to the mountains. 我们今年要去海边，而不是去爬山。
联 opposing adj. 相反的，对立的；opposition n. 反对，敌对

opposite
opposite［'ɒpəzɪt］
n. 相反的事物
例　Night is the opposite of day. 与黑夜相对的是白天。
prep. 在…的对面
例　I live in the house opposite the museum entrance. 我住在博物馆入口对面的那栋房子里。

oppress
oppress［ə'pres］
vt. 压迫；压抑〈同 subdue〉
例　A dictator oppresses his people. 独裁者压迫人民。

oppression
oppression［ə'preʃən］
n. 压迫
解　the act of subjugating by cruelty
例　The end of the country's civil war marked the end of the oppression of slaves. 这个国家内战的结束标志着奴隶被压迫时代的终结。
构　op < ob (=against, intensive) + press (=to press) + ion

opprobrium
opprobrium［ə'prəʊbrɪəm］
n. ① 恶名声 ② 诽谤
解　① a state of extreme dishonor ② the state of disgrace resulting from public abuse
例　He refused to defend himself against the slander and opprobrium hurled against him by the newspapers; he preferred to rely on his record. 他拒绝针对报纸上对他的诋毁和诽谤而为自己辩护，他更喜欢用事实说话。
构　op < ob (=against) + prob (=to test) + rium
同　opprobrious adj. 恶名声的；辱骂的

optical
optical　［ˈɒptɪkəl］
adj. 视觉的；光学的
例 I was given an optical examination to determine my range of vision. 我接受了视力检查，来确定我的视野。
联 optician n. 眼镜商；光学仪器制造商；optometrist n. 验光师

optimal
optimal［'ɒptɪməl］
adj. 最佳的，最理想的〈同　optimum, ideal〉
例　A mixture of selected funds is an optimal choice for future security and return on investment. 精选基金组合是获得未来保障和投资回报的最佳选择。

optimistic
optimistic　［ˌɒptɪˈmɪstɪk］
adj. 乐观的〈同 hopeful〉
例 She is optimistic about her chances of winning a gold medal. 她乐观地相信自己有赢得金牌的机会。
联 optimism n. 乐观主义，乐观

optimum
optimum［'ɒptɪməm］
adj. 最适宜的〈同 ideal, best〉
例　If you wait for the optimum moment to act, you may never begin your project. 如果你在等待最合适的时刻启动项目，那你可能永远也不会启动。

option
option［'ɒpʃən］
n. 选项；选择权〈同 alternative, choice〉
例　Pupils in our school have the option of taking Spanish, French or German. 我们学校的学生可以选择上西班牙语课、法语课或者德语课。

optional
optional　［ˈɒpʃənəl］
adj. 可自由选择的〈同 not compulsory〉
例 At the end of every chapter in our science text, there is a group of optional questions, intended for students who wish to go more deeply into the subject. 在我们的科学教科书每一章的结尾，都有一些可自由选择回答的问题。这些问题针对的是愿意进一步深入了解这门课的学生。

oral
oral［'ɔ:rəl］
adj. 口头的〈同 spoken〉
例　Had I known this was an oral exam, I would not have brought pen and paper. 要是知道这是口试的话，我就不带笔和纸了。

orbit
orbit　［ˈɔːbɪt］
n. 轨道〈同 circle〉
例 Our planet is in orbit around the sun. 地球环绕太阳运行。
vt. 绕…轨道而行〈同 encircle〉
例 The earth orbits the sun every 365 days. 地球每365天环绕太阳一周。
联 orbital adj. 轨道的

orchard
orchard［'ɔ:tʃəd］
n. 果园〈同　garden〉
例　My grandfather has a large vegetable garden and an apple orchard behind his house. 我爷爷在房子后面有一大片菜园和一个苹果园。

orchestra
orchestra　［ˈɔːkɪstrə］
n. 管弦乐队〈同 band〉
例 Orchestras play symphonies and the music for operas and dance. 管弦乐队演奏交响乐和歌剧与舞蹈中的音乐。

orchid
orchid［'ɔ:kɪd］
n. 兰花
例　His favorite flower was the orchid. 他最喜欢的花是兰花。

ordeal
ordeal［ɔ:'di:l］
n. 严峻考验，痛苦的经历〈同　trying experience, hardship〉
例　The hostages' ordeal came to an end when soldiers stormed the building. 士兵们突袭大楼之后，人质们的痛苦经历终于结束了。

orderly
orderly［'ɔ:dəli］
adj. 有秩序的；整洁的〈同 disciplined, ordered〉
例　The books were aligned on the shelves in an orderly fashion. 书整齐地摆放在书架上。

ordinance
ordinance［'ɔ:dɪnəns］
n. 法令，条例〈同　law, decree〉
例　Passing a red light is a violation of a city's ordinance. 闯红灯是违反城市法令的行为。

organism
organism　［ˈɔːgənɪzəm］
n. 生物体，有机体；微生物〈同 living being〉
例 The sea is full of organisms used as food by fish. 大海里充满了生物，鱼类以此为食。
联 microorganism n. 微生物

orient
orient［'ɔ:rɪənt］
v. ① 确定方向 ② 使熟悉情况 adj. 东方的
解　v. ① to set in a definite position ② to make familiar with or adjusted to facts, principles, or a situation adj. eastern; oriental
例　The Smith family decided to go to the orient country for summer vacation and see the Great Wall. 史密斯一家决定去中国过暑假，还要参观长城。
同　orientation n. 定向；熟悉环境

orientation
orientation［ˌɔ:rɪən'teɪʃən］
n. 定向；介绍性指导〈同 direction, adjustment to surroundings〉
例　Freshman orientation provides the incoming students with an opportunity to learn about their new environment and their place in it. 新生指导为新生提供一个机会来了解新的环境以及他们的角色。

origin
origin　［ˈɒrɪʤɪn］
n. 起源，由来；出身，血统
例 AIDS has its origin in Africa. 艾滋病起源于非洲。

origin
origin［'ɒrɪʤɪn］
n. ① 起源，由来 ② 出身，血统
解　① the fact of originating; rise or derivation ② ancestry
例　The English language has Latin origins. 英语部分起源于拉丁文。

original
original　［əˈrɪʤənəl］
adj. ① 最初的，原始的〈同 first〉
例 This is the original map before the forest was cut down. 这是森林被砍伐之前的原始地图。
例 The students had to write an original short story for class. 学生们得为班级写一部原创短篇小说。
联 originality n. 创意，新奇；originally adv. 本来；最初；originate v. 开始，起源；发明

original
original［ə'rɪʤɪnəl］
n. 原物，原作 adj. ① 最初的，原始的 ② 独创的，新颖的
解　n. a first form from which other forms are made or developed adj. ① preceding all others in time; first ② being or productive of something fresh and unusual
例　The board members decided to discard the original plan in light of the new circumstances. 因为有新的情况发生，董事会成员决定放弃原先的计划。
同　originality n. 创造性，独特性

originality
originality［əˌrɪʤə'næləti］
n. 创意，新奇〈同　novelty, creativity〉
例　Playing the trumpet with dazzling originality, Louis Armstrong dominated jazz for 20 years. 路易斯·阿姆斯特朗以令人眼花缭乱的创意演奏小号，在爵士乐坛独领风骚20年。

originate
originate［ə'rɪʤɪneɪt］
v. 产生；发起，创办〈同 begin, initiate〉
例　Some bad habits originate in adolescence and continue throughout a person's life. 一些坏习惯在青春期形成，伴随整个人生。

originate
originate［ə'rɪʤɪneɪt］
v. 发起，创办
解　to cause or bring into existence
例　The long river originated from one ocean and ended in another. 这条长河发源于一片大海，最后注入另一片大海。

ornament
ornament［'ɔ:nəmənt］
n. 装饰，装饰物〈同 decoration〉
例　A lack of ornament made the room appear quite drab. 房屋缺少装饰物，显得很单调。

orthodox
orthodox［'ɔ:θədɒks］
adj. 正统的；传统的〈同 traditional〉
例　She is a cancer sufferer who has rejected orthodox medicine and turned instead to acupuncture and other forms of alternative medicine. 她是一个癌症患者，她拒绝正统医疗，求助于针灸等其他形式的替代疗法。

ostensible
ostensible［ɒs'tensəbəl; -sɪbəl］
adj. 表面上的，伪装的
解　according to appearances; apparent; pretended
例　My ostensible purpose for going to the library was to study, but I was really reading magazines. 我去图书馆表面上是为了学习，但实际上是看杂志。

ostentatious
ostentatious［ˌɒsten'teiʃəs］
adj. 做作的，虚荣的，炫耀的
解　done for unnecessary display; liking to attract notice; showy
例　The real hero is modest, never ostentatious. 真正的英雄很谦逊，从来不炫耀。
同　ostentation n. 夸示，炫耀

otherwise
otherwise　［ˈʌðəwaɪz］
adv./conj. 另外，否则〈同 under different conditions〉
例 Come early; otherwise you may not get a seat. 早点来，否则你可能找不到座位。

oust
oust［aʊst］
vt. 驱逐；赶走〈同　eject, expel〉
例　The police moved with alacrity to oust the disorderly mobs. 警察迅速赶来驱逐骚乱的暴民。

outbreak
outbreak［'aʊtbreɪk］
n. 发作；爆发〈同 beginning, eruption〉
例　Doctors are warning us about a possible outbreak of the flu. 医生提醒我们可能会爆发流感。

outcast
outcast［'aʊtkɑ:st; (US)-kæst］
n. 被社会遗弃者
解　a person or animal cast out from home and friends
例　The criminal was an outcast from society. 这名罪犯是一个被社会遗弃的人。

outcome
outcome　［ˈaʊtkʌm］
n. 后果，成果〈同 result〉
例 The newspaper reported the outcome of the Board meeting. 报纸报道了董事会会议的成果。

outcry
outcry［'aʊtkraɪ］
n. 大声疾呼；强烈抗议〈同　protest, shout〉
例　An outcry for more practical instruction arose among the students and educators. 学生和教育工作者发出了要求更多实践教学的强烈呼声。

outdated
outdated［ˌaʊt'deɪtɪd］
adj. 过时的〈同　old, outmoded〉
例　Technology has moved so fast that new software tends to get outdated in only a couple of years. 技术变化得如此迅速，仅仅几年时间，新软件就会过时。

outermost
outermost［'aʊtəməʊst］
adj. 最外边的，离中心最远的〈同　farmost, utmost〉
例　The outermost part of this fruit is hard but once you take it off, the fruit is soft and sweet. 这种水果最外面的部分很硬，但剥去外面的部分后，里面的果肉软糯香甜。

outfit
outfit［'aʊtfɪt］
n. 服装〈同　costume, clothes〉
例　The model was wearing a cute outfit. 那名模特穿着一套非常可爱的服装。
vt. 配备，装备〈同　equip, furnish〉
例　He outfitted his jeep with rooflights. 他为自己的吉普车配备了车厢顶灯。

outgoing
outgoing［'aʊtgəʊɪŋ］
adj. 好交际的，外向的〈同　sociable, extroverted〉
例　Sales representatives need to be outgoing and dynamic. 销售代表需要外向而有活力。

outgoing
outgoing［'aʊtɡəʊɪŋ］
adj. ① 即将离职的 ② 对人友好的
解　① going out or away ② friendly and sociable; somewhat extroverted; at ease in talking to others
例　She was very outgoing and would always introduce herself to people she did not know. 她对人十分友好，总是向不认识的人介绍自己。

outgrow
outgrow［ˌaʊt'grəʊ］
vt. 生长速度超过，长得比…快〈同　grow beyond〉
例　By age 16, John had outgrown his elder brother. 约翰在16岁的时候，身高就超过了他哥哥。

outing
outing［'aʊtɪŋ］
n. 外出郊游
解　a journey taken for pleasure
例　The father took his two sons on an outing as a male bonding experience. 父亲带着两个儿子去郊游，这是一种兄弟情谊般的旅行经历。

outlandish
outlandish［aʊt'lændɪʃ］
adj. 异国风味的；奇怪的，古怪的
解　looking or sounding odd, strange or foreign
例　He was known for asking outlandish questions that raised everyone's eyebrows. 大家都知道他喜欢问一些让人瞠目的古怪问题。

outlast
outlast［ˌaʊt'lɑ:st; (US)-'læst］
vt. 比…长久，比…活得长〈同　outlive〉
例　Our company outlasted many others through the economic crisis. 我们公司平安渡过了经济危机，比其他公司存在的时间都要长。

outlet
outlet　［ˈaʊtlet］
n.（河流、烟等）出口〈同 opening〉
例 A chimney is an outlet for smoke from a fireplace. 烟囱是壁炉向外排烟的出口。
记 out（出）+let（让）→让…排出→出口

outlet
outlet［'aʊtlet］
n. ① 出口，出路 ② 发泄
解　① an opening that permits escape or release ② activity that releases or expresses creative energy or emotion
例　This lake's outlet is a stream that flows into the ocean. 这个湖的出口是一条流入大海的小溪。
近　amulet n. 护身符

outline
outline　［ˈaʊtlaɪn］
n. 大纲，概要；轮廓
例 I'll describe the plot of the play in an outline. 我会以大纲的形式介绍戏剧的情节。
v. 画…的轮廓
例 The police outlined the shape of the murder victim on the street with chalk. 警方用粉笔在街道上画出谋杀案受害者的轮廓。

outline
outline［'aʊtlaɪn］
n. 大纲，轮廓 v. 画轮廓，打草图
解　n. a summary of the main points of an argument or theory v. to draw the outer line of
例　The English teacher told the students that they should write an outline before they wrote an essay in order to organize their thoughts and ideas clearly. 这位英语老师告诉学生，在写文章之前要先拟一个提纲，这样就能更清晰地组织思路和想法。

outlook
outlook　［ˈaʊtlʊk］
n. ① 观点，见解〈同 viewpoint〉
例 Talking to Sue is depressing because she has a very negative outlook. 跟休说话真压抑，因为她的观点非常消极。
例 What's the outlook for our sales to America next year? 我们明年在美国的销售前景如何？

outlying
outlying［'aʊtlaɪɪŋ］
adj. 边远的，偏僻的〈同　remote〉
例　The underground railway does not reach some of the city's outlying areas. 地铁尚未延伸到城市的部分偏远区域。

outmaneuver
outmaneuver［ˌaʊtmə'nu:və］
v. 以策略制胜
解　to overcome by being superior in maneuvering
例　The police were outmaneuvered by the bank robbers' trick and disguise. 警察被银行抢劫犯的花招和伪装所蒙骗。

outmoded
outmoded［ˌaʊt'məʊdɪd］
adj. 不再流行的，过时的〈同　obsolete, outdated〉
例　He dressed in an outmoded fashion. 他穿着一套过时的服装。

outmoded
outmoded［ˌaʊt'məʊdɪd］
adj. 不再流行的，过时的
解　out of fashion
例　The crank telephone was outmoded long ago. 转动曲柄电话机很早以前就已经过时了。

output
output　［ˈaʊtpʊt］
n. 输出，产品；生产量〈同 production〉
例 This coal has a high output of heat. 这种煤产热量高。

outrage
outrage［'aʊtreɪʤ］
n. 暴行〈同　atrocity, barbarity〉
例　The tyrant was guilty of many outrages. 那个暴君犯有许多桩暴行。
vt. 激怒，引起…义愤〈同　enrage, offense〉
例　The king was outraged by the man's insult and ordered that his head be cut off. 国王被那个人的辱骂激怒，于是下令砍掉他的脑袋。

outright
outright［'aʊtraɪt］
adv. 立刻地，全部地〈同　altogether; entirely〉
例　A mortgage enables a person to buy property without paying for it outright; thus more people are able to enjoy owning a house. 抵押贷款使一个人无需支付全款便可购买房产；因此，越来越多的人可以拥有一套房子。

outset
outset　［ˈaʊtset］
n. 开始，开端〈同 beginning〉
例 I knew from the outset that we would win. 我从一开始就知道我们会赢。

outskirts
outskirts［'aʊtskɜ:ts］
n. 市郊
例　He could only afford living in the outskirts where rent was cheap. 他只能租得起租金便宜的郊区的房子。

outskirts
outskirts［'aʊtskɜ:ts］
n. 郊区，郊外
解　the outer parts or edges of a town, district, etc.
例　We have a farm on the outskirts of town. 我们在市郊有个农场。

outspoken
outspoken［aʊt'spəʊkən］
adj. 坦率直言的〈同　blunt, candid〉
例　I know I shall get the truth when I ask Alice because she is very outspoken. 我知道如果我问艾丽斯，我就能得知真相，因为她总是直言不讳。

outstanding
outstanding　［aʊtˈstændɪŋ］
adj. 突出的，显著的〈同 prominent〉
例 The prize was awarded for an outstanding contribution to broadcasting. 该奖项颁发给了那些对广播事业有突出贡献的人。

outweigh
outweigh［ˌaʊt'weɪ］
vt. 比…重；比…更重要〈同　surpass; dominate〉
例　We know these chemicals are dangerous, but their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment. 我们知道这些化学品非常危险，但它们的好处远远超过了对环境造成的风险。

overall
overall　［ˌəʊvərˈɔːl］
adj. 全部的，全面的〈同 general〉
例 The overall charges for the parts and labor are itemized in your statement. 配件和人工的总费用记录在你的报表当中。

overbearing
overbearing［ˌəʊvə'bərɪŋ］
adj. 专横的，独断的
解　expecting unquestioning obedience
例　Her overbearing father would not let her go out with her friends at night. 她的父亲很专制，不让她在晚上和朋友一起出去。

overburden
overburden［ˌəʊvə'bɜ:dən］
vt. 使装载过多；使负担过多〈同　overcharge〉
例　The gambler was overburdened with debts. 那个赌徒负债累累。

overcast
overcast［'əʊvəkɑ:st; (US)-kæst］
adj. 阴天的，阴暗的〈同　cloudy, gloomy〉
例　The weatherman predicts tomorrow will be an overcast day with a chance of rain. 气象预报员预测，明天将是阴天，可能有雨。

overcharge
overcharge［ˌəʊvə'tʃɑ:ʤ］
v.（对…）索价过高〈同　overprice〉
例　Be careful not to get overcharged when you go shopping. 去购物的时候小心一点，别花了冤枉钱。

overcome
overcome［ˌəʊvə'kʌm］
vt. 战胜；克服
解　to get the better of; to win the victory over; to conquer
例　The doctor gave her some drugs to help her overcome the depression of losing her parents. 医生给她开了一些药，帮助她克服失去双亲所造成的精神抑郁。
近　income n. 收入；outcome n. 结局，结果；unbecoming adj. 不合适的，不合礼节的；welcome v. 欢迎

overdue
overdue［ˌəʊvə'dju:; (US)-'du:］
adj. 迟到的；逾期的〈同　late〉
例　The books need to be returned to the library before they are overdue. 这些书在到期之前必须还回图书馆。

overflow
overflow［ˌəʊvə'fləʊ］
v.（使）泛滥，（使）溢出〈同 spill, flood〉
例　Rivers often overflow in the spring due to heavy rain. 由于春天多雨，河水经常在这个季节泛滥。

overhaul
overhaul［'əʊvəhɔ:l］
vt. 彻底检查，大修〈同　restore, repair〉
例　You have to overhaul your paper until it becomes really clear to the reader. 你必须对你的论文进行彻底检查，直到读者能够完全读懂为止。

overhaul
overhaul［ˌəʊvə'hɔ:l］
v. 大修，彻底检查
解　to examine or go over carefully for needed repair
例　The economic reform overhauled the previous system and implanted a more open economy. 这次的经济改革全面审视了以前的制度，重新引入了一个更加开放的经济体系。

overhear
overhear［ˌəʊvə'hɪə(r)］
v. 无意中听到，偷听
例　They spoke so loud that I could not help overhearing. 他们说话声音太大了，我无意中听到了他们的谈话内容。

overlap
overlap［ˌəʊvə'læp］
vt. 部分重叠，与…交搭，迭盖
例　When you put up wallpaper, should you overlap the edges or put them next to each other? 你贴墙纸的时候，是要把墙纸的边缘搭在一起，还是相互挨着贴？

overload
overload［ˌəʊvə'ləʊd］
vt. 使超载，使超过负荷
例　The text book was overloaded with useless information. 教科书里满是无用的信息。

overlook
overlook　［ˌəʊvəˈlʊk］
vt. 忽略，没注意到〈同 ignore〉
例 When planning your holiday, make sure not to overlook travel insurance. 在规划假期时，一定不能忽略旅行保险。

overlook
overlook［ˌəʊvə'lʊk］
vt. ① 俯瞰，远眺 ② 忽视，没注意到
解　① to look over or at from a higher place ② to fail to notice or consider; miss
例　His Los Angeles apartment had a beautiful view that overlooked the bay area. 他在洛杉矶的公寓视野很好，可以俯瞰整个海湾地区。

overreach
overreach［ˌəʊvə'ri:tʃ］
v. 超过了限度，做过了头或所求过多而 （使自己）失败
解　to defeat (oneself) by going too far or by doing or trying to gain too much
例　His repeated apologies overreached his goal of her forgiveness and started to annoy her. 他不断地道歉，最后不仅没有达到让她原谅的目的，反而惹恼了她。

overseas
overseas　［ˌəʊvəˈsiːz］
adv./adj.（在）海外的，（在）国外的〈同 abroad〉
例 Anne traveled overseas from New York to London. 安妮从纽约出发，出国去伦敦旅行。

oversee
oversee［ˌəuvə'si:］
vt. 监督，管理〈同　supervise, manage〉
例　The general manager is responsible for overseeing all the factory's operations. 总经理负责监督工厂的所有运营情况。

oversight
oversight［'əʊvəsaɪt］
n. 勘漏，失察，疏忽〈同　omission, error〉
例　Due to an oversight by my bank, there was less money in my account than there should have been. 由于我的银行的疏忽，我账户中的钱比实际少了许多。

overt
overt［'əʊvɜ:t］
adj. 明显的；公然的〈同 open, public, evident〉
例　Many women at work have to deal with overt sexism. 许多参加工作的妇女不得不面对公然的性别歧视。

overtake
overtake　［ˌəʊvəˈteɪk］
vt. 赶上，追上〈同 pass〉
例 Our sales have overtaken our most important competitor in Japan. 我们的销量已经赶上了我们在日本的最大的竞争对手。

overthrow
overthrow［ˌəʊvə'θrəʊ］
vt. 打倒，推翻，颠覆〈同 vanquish, overturn〉
例　The protesters tried to overthrow the government. 抗议者试图推翻政府。

overturn
overturn［ˌəuvə'tɜ:n］
n./vt. 推翻；翻倒；倾覆〈同　reverse, overthrow〉
例　The judge overturned his decision with the introduction of new evidence. 由于出现了新证据，法官推翻了他的判决。

overturn
overturn［ˌəʊvə'tɜ:n］
v. ① 打翻；（使）翻过来；（使）倒转 ② 颠覆；打倒
解　① to cause to turn over or capsize; upset ② to cause the ruin or destruction of; overthrow
例　The high waves caused by the rainstorm overturned the small boat and the passengers had to swim to shore. 暴风雨引起的巨浪掀翻了小船，船上的乘客不得不游到岸边。

overwhelm
overwhelm［ˌəʊvə'welm; (US)ˌəʊvə'hwelm］
vt. ① 战胜；压倒〈同 defeat〉
例　Government troops have overwhelmed the rebels. 政府军镇压了叛乱者。
例　The whole village was overwhelmed by the flood. 整个村庄被洪水淹没了。

overwhelm
overwhelm［ˌəʊvə'welm］
v. ① 淹没；吞没，席卷 ② 控制，对思想或情绪影响深刻
解　① to surge over and submerge; engulf ② to affect deeply in mind or emotion
例　His grandmother always overwhelmed him with kisses every time she saw him. 他的祖母每次见到他都会热烈地亲吻他。
同　overwhelming adj. 压倒性的，无法抵抗的

overwrought
overwrought［ˌəʊvə'rɔ:t］
adj. 紧张过度的，兴奋过度的
解　excessively nervous or excited; agitated
例　After drinking five cups of coffee, he looked even more overwrought before the final examination. 他在期末考试前喝了五杯咖啡，但看起来比之前更加紧张了。

owe
owe　［əʊ］
v. ① 亏欠，负债
例 John owes his sister a lot of money. 约翰欠他姐姐一大笔钱。
例 The trip has been postponed owing to the bad weather. 由于糟糕的天气，行程被推迟了。

ownership
ownership　［ˈəʊnəʃɪp］
n. 所有权；物主身份
例 The ownership of the farm was disputed in court. 这个农场的所有权在法庭上产生了争议。

oxygen
oxygen［'ɒksɪʤən］
n. 氧气
例　Oxygen and nitrogen constitute the main part of the air. 氧气和氮气是空气的主要组成部分。

pace
pace　［peɪs］
n.（一）步，速度〈同 step〉
例 There were perhaps ten paces between me and the bear. 我与熊之间大概有十步的距离。
vi. 踱步，缓慢地走
例 We paced off the distance and found it to be 72 paces. 我们步测了一下距离，发现有72步。

pacific
pacific［pə'sɪfɪk］
adj. 和平的；平静的
例　He did not like to fight, because he was a very pacific person. 他不喜欢打架，因为他是一个性格温和的人。

pacific
pacific［pə'sɪfɪk］
adj. 爱好和平的；安静的，平静的〈同　peaceful; calm〉
例　It was safe and easy to swim in the pacific water of the lake. 在平静的湖水里游泳，安全又惬意。

painful
painful［'peɪnfʊl］
adj. 疼痛的，使痛苦的
例　The cut was very deep and painful. 伤口很深很疼。

painstaking
painstaking［'peɪnzteɪkɪŋ］
adj. 辛苦的，辛勤的〈同　arduous, diligent〉
例　This TOEFL book is the result of our painstaking research staff. 这本托福书是我们的研究人员潜心研究的成果。

painting
painting［'peɪntɪŋ］
n. 绘画，油画〈同　drawing〉
例　The famous painting called the Mona Lisa is closely guarded in the museum. 这幅名为《蒙娜丽莎》的名画被博物馆严密保护着。

palatable
palatable［'pælətəbəl］
adj. 美味的〈同　edible〉
例　Food in the college cafeteria is palatable, but not fancy. 大学餐厅的食物很可口，但不够别致。

pale
pale［peɪl］
adj.（脸色）苍白的；暗淡的〈同 light colored, pallid〉
例　She looks pale and sick. 她看上去面色苍白，病恹恹的。

palm
palm　［pɑːm］
n. ① 棕榈树
例 Most palms have tall trunks, no branches, and many large leaves at the top. 大多数棕榈树都有高高的树干，没有树枝，在树顶则有许多大叶子。
例 I applauded so hard that my palms hurt. 我鼓掌太用力了，拍得手心都痛。

pamphlet
pamphlet［'pæmflɪt］
n. 小册子〈同 brochure〉
例　The organization's goals are described in the pamphlet. 组织的目标写在小册子里了。

pandemic
pandemic［pæn'demɪk］
adj. （病）大范围流行的
解　epidemic over a wide geographical area
例　Before modern medical advances, the pandemic outbreak of chickenpox spread throughout the world killing thousands of people. 在现代医学还不发达的时候，水痘疫情在全世界大面积爆发，夺走了数以千计的生命。

panel
panel　［ˈpænəl］
n. ① 镶板〈同 board〉
例 The kitchen floor was built with wooden panels. 厨房地面铺的是木地板。
例 A panel of experts gave its opinion on ways to solve the traffic problems. 关于解决交通问题的方法，一个专家组给出了建议。
vt.（用木头、玻璃镶板等）覆盖
例 The dining room was paneled in oak. 餐厅的墙壁都镶有橡木板。
记 pan本身就有“平板”之义，加上“el”还是板；需特别注意其“专门小组”一义。

panic
panic［'pænɪk］
n. 恐慌〈同 alarm, fear〉
例　When the theater caught fire, there was a panic. 电影院着火引起了一场惊恐。

pantomime
pantomime［'pæntəmaɪm］
n. 哑剧
解　a performance using gestures and body movements without words
例　Pantomime is the telling of a story without words, by means of bodily movements, gestures, and facial expressions. 哑剧是一种不用语言，而通过肢体动作、手势和面部表情来讲故事的形式。

parachute
parachute［'pærəʃu:t］
n. 降落伞
例　He jumped out of the airplane and opened his parachute. 他从飞机跳了下来，随即打开降落伞。

parade
parade［pə'reɪd］
n. 游行〈同 march, procession〉
例　A parade was held in New York to honor the heroes. 纽约举行了一场游行来纪念这些英雄。

paradise
paradise［'pærədaɪs］
n. 天堂〈同 heaven〉
例　The summer camp was a paradise for the children. 夏令营对孩子们来说是天堂。

paradox
paradox［'pærədɒks］
n. 似是而非，自相矛盾的话（或人）〈同 inconsistency〉
例　Mr. Cooper is a political paradox; he's a staunch Republican who votes only for Democrats. 库珀先生在政治上是一个矛盾的人，他是一个坚定的共和党人，却只把选票投给民主党。

parallel
parallel　［ˈpærəlel］
vt. 与…平行；匹敌〈同 be equal to; compare〉
例 Nobody can parallel him in this ability. 没有人能在这项能力上与他匹敌。
n. 类似，相似
例 Her background is a parallel of mine. 她的背景与我非常相似。
记 par（旁边）+allel（另一个)→总在另一个的旁边→与…平行
联 unparalleled adj. 无比的，空前的；parallelogram n. 【数】平行四边形

paralysis
paralysis［pə'ræləsɪs］
n. ① 中风，瘫痪症 ② 瘫痪，停滞不能移动或运行
解　① loss of the power of contractility in the voluntary or involuntary muscles ② condition of powerlessness or helpless inactivity; crippling
例　The war caused a paralysis of trade. 战争导致贸易瘫痪。

paralyze
paralyze［'pærəlaɪz］
vt. 使瘫痪，使麻痹〈同 benumb〉
例　A serious fall paralyzed Mary and put her in the hospital for a month. 玛丽严重跌伤瘫痪在床，在医院里躺了一个月。

paramount
paramount［'pærəmaʊnt］
adj. 最重要的；至高无上的〈同　most important, predominant〉
例　Television plays a paramount role in molding public opinion. 电视在左右公众舆论方面具有决定性作用。

paranoia
paranoia［ˌpærə'nɒɪə］
n. 偏执狂，妄想狂；多疑症
解　a psychological disorder characterized by delusions of persecution or grandeur
例　He had a severe case of paranoia and always looked over his shoulder to see if anyone was following him. 他有重度妄想症，总是朝身后观望，看看是否有人跟踪自己。
同　paranoid adj. 过分怀疑的；偏执狂的

paraphrase
paraphrase［'pærəfreɪz］
vt. 将…释义，改写〈同　restate, reword〉
例　This article is much too long; please paraphrase it in 250 words or less. 这篇文章太长了；请用不超过250字改写一下。
n. 释义，意译〈同　explanation, interpretation〉
例　The newspaper's paraphrase of the senator's speech was misleading. 这份报纸中关于议员演讲的解读具有误导性。

parasite
parasite［'pærəsaɪt］
n. 寄生虫
例　The tapeworm is an example of the kind of parasite that may infest the human body. 绦虫是寄生在人体内的寄生虫中的一种。

parcel
parcel［'pɑ:sl］
n. 包裹
例　The parcel was too big to fit in the car. 包裹太大了，没法塞进车里。

parity
parity［'pærɪti］
n. ① 同等；平等 ② 相同；类似
解　① equality ② close resemblance
例　I find your analogy inaccurate because I do not see the parity between the two illustrations. 我发现你的类比是错误的，因为我没看出这两个例子之间有什么相似的地方。
同　disparity n. 不同，差异

parliament
parliament　［ˈpɑːləmənt］
n. 国会，议会
例 In Britain, Parliament consists of the House of Commons, the House of Lords and the king or queen. 在英国，议会由下院、上院和国王或女王组成。
联 parliamentary adj. 议会（制）的

partial
partial　［ˈpɑːʃəl］
adj. 部分的〈同 incomplete〉
例 I am making only a partial payment at the present time and will pay off the balance in installments. 目前我只支付一部分，剩下的部分将分期支付。
记 part（部分）+ial→部分的
联 impartial adj. 公平的，不偏不倚的；partiality n. 偏爱

partial
partial［'pɑ:ʃəl］
adj. ① 部分的 ② 偏袒的
解　① only part of the entire thing ② inclined to favor one side more than another; favoring unfairly
例　Parents should not be partial to one of their children. 父母不应对某个孩子有偏袒之心。
同　partiality n. 偏见；偏袒，偏心

participate
participate　［pɑːˈtɪsɪpeɪt］
vi. 参与，参加
例 The teacher participated in the children's games. 老师加入了孩子们的游戏。
联 participant n. 参与者，参赛者

participate
participate［pɑ:'tɪsɪpeɪt］
v. ① 参加 ② 分享
解　① take part in something ② share in something
例　Teams from countries all over the world participated in the international tournament. 来自世界各个国家的队伍都参加了此次的国际锦标赛。
同　participant n. 参加者

particle
particle　［ˈpɑːtɪkəl］
n. 颗粒，微粒〈同 grain〉
例 The curtain was so dirty that when the wind blew, it filled the air with dust particles. 窗帘太脏了，风一吹，便弄得空气里满是灰尘颗粒。

particular
particular　［pəˈtɪkjʊlə(r)］
adj. ① 值得注意的，特别的
例 Lisa wrote the letter with particular attention to her choice of words. 莉萨在写这封信时，特别注意自己的措辞。
例 “Was there a particular size of dress you wanted?” the clerk asked me. “这里有没有您想要的特定尺寸的裙子？”店员问我。
记 part（部分）+icular（有…的）→有自己特点的部分→特别的
联 particularize v. 详细说明，列举；particularity n. 特性

partisan
partisan［ˌpɑ:tɪ'zæn］
n. 狂热党徒，党派支持者
解　person devoted to a cause or party
例　A partisan often favors politics. 党派支持者都喜欢政治。
同　partisanship n. 党派偏见

partition
partition［pɑ:'tɪʃən］
n. 分割〈同 division〉
例　The partition of the courts resulted in a civil and criminal branch. 法院划分成民事法院和刑事法院。
vt. 隔开，分割〈同 divide〉
例　If we partition the kitchen off, it will make it seem as if we've got two separate rooms. 如果我们把厨房打上隔断，看起来似乎我们就有了两个独立的房间。

partition
partition［pɑ:'tɪʃən］
vt. 区分，隔开，分割
解　to divide into parts, pieces, or sections
例　 The real estate company partitioned the land into one-acre lots. 房地产公司把土地都划分成了一英亩的小块。

partner
partner［'pɑ:tnə(r)］
n. ① 合伙人 ② 伙伴；伴侣
解　① member of a company or firm who shares the risks and profits of the business ② one who shares
例　A policeman usually works with a partner in case he needs backup. 警察工作的时候通常两人为一组，以防需要支援。

passion
passion　［ˈpæʃən］
n. 激情，热情；酷爱〈同 ardor〉
例 Janet has a passion for seafood. 珍妮特非常爱吃海鲜。
联 passionate adj. 充满热情的，热烈的

passion
passion［'pæʃən］
n. 热情，激情
解　strong feeling or emotion
例　The passion he felt for her was overwhelming. 他对她的感情非常强烈。

passionate
passionate［'pæʃənɪt］
adj. 热情的
解　having or expressing strong emotions
例　The soldier's wife gave him a passionate kiss when he returned home after so many years away. 士兵离家多年之后归来，他的妻子给了他深情的一吻。

passive
passive　［ˈpæsɪv］
adj. 被动的；消极的〈同 compliant〉
例 It has been suggested that people who watch television incessantly may become overly passive. 有证据显示，不断看电视的人会变得过于被动。
记 pass（感情）+ive→被感情所左右→被动的
联 passivity n. 被动性

passivity
passivity［pæ'sɪvɪti］
n. 被动（性）；不活动性
解　submission to others or to outside influences
例　The bear entered into a state of passivity during its winter hibernation. 熊在冬眠期间进入不活动状态。

passport
passport［'pɑ:spɔ:t］
n. 护照
例　You need to bring your passport when you want to apply for a visa. 如果你想申请签证的话，需要带上你的护照。

paste
paste　［peɪst］
v. 粘贴
例 It took me several hours to paste all the wallpaper onto the wall. 我花了好几个小时才把所有壁纸贴在墙上。

pastel
pastel［'pæstəl; (US)pæ'stel］
adj. 柔和的〈同　bland, soft〉
例　The pastel colors of the painting were very relaxing to look at. 这幅画柔和的颜色看起来令人非常放松。

pastime
pastime［'pɑ:staɪm; (US)'pæstaɪm］
n. 消遣，娱乐〈同 entertainment〉
例　Watching football in Brazil is a traditional family pastime. 在巴西，看足球是传统的家庭休闲方式。

pasture
pasture［'pɑ:stʃə(r); (US)'pæstʃə(r)］
n. 牧场，草地〈同 field, meadow〉
例　The rancher grazes 500 cattle in this pasture. 牧场主在这片草地上放牧了500头牛。

patch
patch　［pætʃ］
n. 片，块；补丁〈同 expanse〉
例 The gardener planted a patch of roses. 园艺师种了一小片玫瑰。

patent
patent［'peɪtənt; (US)'pætnt］
n. 专利
例　Earlier this year, the company filed a patent on a genetically engineered tomato that remains firm longer than untreated tomatoes. 年初，公司给一种转基因西红柿申请了专利，这种西红柿比非转基因西红柿能存放更长时间。
vt. 取得…的专利权，申请专利〈同 license〉
例　She patented her new invention. 她为她的新发明申请了专利。

pathetic
pathetic［pə'θetɪk］
adj. 可怜的，悲惨的〈同 pitiful〉
例　The hungry homeless cat meowed in a pathetic way. 饥饿的流浪猫哀嚎着。

patient
patient［'peɪʃənt］
n. 病人，患者
例　The nurse plotted the patient's temperature on a chart over several days. 护士把病人这几天的体温标在了一个表格中。
adj. 忍耐的，耐心的
例　You have to be patient with him. He only just started working here. 你得对他耐心点儿，他刚来这儿工作。

patriarch
patriarch［'peɪtrɪɑ:k; (US)'pæt-］
n. 家长，族长〈同　master, chief〉
例　In many primitive tribes, the leaders and lawmakers were the patriarchs. 在许多远古部落中，首领和立法者都是德高望重的族长。

patriotic
patriotic［ˌpætrɪ'ɒtɪk; ˌpeɪtrɪ'ɒtɪk］
adj. 爱国的〈同 nationalistic〉
例　It is patriotic to fulfil your responsibilities to your country. 履行对国家的责任是爱国的行为。

patrol
patrol［pə'trəʊl］
v. 巡逻，巡视〈同 guard, watch〉
例　A night-watchman patrols the streets at night. 值夜班的警卫员夜间在街上巡逻。

patron
patron［'peɪtrən］
n. ①（对艺术等的）赞助人，资助人〈同　benefactor, helper〉
例　The munificent patron gave the museum a large donation. 那位慷慨的赞助人给博物馆提供了一大笔捐款。
例　The restaurant's patrons enjoyed the food and atmosphere so much that they recommended it to their friends. 这家餐厅的顾客非常喜欢这里的食物和氛围，因此他们把它推荐给了朋友。

pattern
pattern　［ˈpætən］
n. 式样，图案〈同 design〉
例 The bright pattern of the monarch butterfly distracts its predators. 黑脉金斑蝶身上闪亮的图案会分散捕食者的注意力。

paucity
paucity［'pɔ:səti］
n. 小量，缺乏〈同　insufficiency, scarcity〉
例　They closed the restaurant because the paucity of customers made it financially unfeasible to operate. 他们关闭了那家餐厅，因为缺少顾客使其在财务上无法继续运营。

paucity
paucity［'pɔ:sɪti］
n. ① 极少量 ② 缺乏
解　① smallness of number; fewness ② scarcity; dearth
例　The long drought cause a paucity in crops for farmers. 长期的干旱使农民的庄稼歉收了。

pauper
pauper［'pɔ:pə(r)］
n. 贫民，乞丐〈同　beggar〉
例　The richest man is a pauper if he has no friends. 如果没有朋友，最富有的人也是乞丐。

pauper
pauper［'pɔ:pə(r)］
n. 贫民，乞丐
解　a person who is very poor
例　Paupers surrounded the crowded public places, begging people for money and food. 乞丐们在人潮拥挤的地方向人们乞讨金钱和食物。

pause
pause［pɔ:z］
n./v. 暂停，中止，停顿〈同 make a temporary stop〉
例　Janet took advantage of the pause in the teacher's lecture, and finished her homework. 珍妮特利用老师讲课的间歇完成了家庭作业。

pave
pave［peɪv］
vt. 铺设，为…铺路〈同 coat, cover〉
例　The workers paved the road with asphalt. 工人用沥青铺路。

peace
peace　［piːs］
n. 和平，和睦
例 We enjoy the peace of the country. 我们很享受乡村的宁静。
联 peaceful adj. 和平的，安宁的

peak
peak［pi:k］
n. 山顶；最高点，顶端〈同 summit〉
例　The peak of the mountain is covered with snow. 山顶覆盖着雪。

pebble
pebble［'pebəl］
n. 小鹅卵石；石子，细砾
例　Steve used the hammer to smash the stone into pebbles. 史蒂夫用锤子把石头砸成石子。

peck
peck［pek］
v. 啄，啄食〈同　pick〉
例　Woodpeckers pecked wood looking for the pest. 啄木鸟啄木头来寻找害虫。

peculiar
peculiar　［pɪˈkjuːlɪə(r)］
adj. ①（人、地点、时间等）特有的，专有的〈同 special〉
例 I was longing to get home—a desire peculiar to all people who travel for quite a long time. 我盼望着回家——这是所有在外漂泊已久的人特有的一种渴望。
例 This peculiar behavior puzzles everyone who knows him. 他奇怪的行为让所有认识他的人迷惑不解。
记 pec（来自pecus，意为“牛”，牛是私有财产，所以是特有的)+uliar→特有的，专有的
联 peculiarity n. 特性；怪癖

peculiarity
peculiarity［pɪˌkju:lɪ'ærəti］
n. 特性，怪癖〈同　eccentricity, oddness〉
例　She could not handle his peculiarity of touching his nose in public. 她解决不了他在公众面前摸鼻子的怪癖。

pedagogy
pedagogy［'pedəgɒʤi］
n. 教育学，教学法〈同　education, teaching〉
例　The university evaluated the quality of its pedagogy and curriculum every year. 这所大学每年都会评估其教学法和课程安排的质量。

pedagogy
pedagogy［'pedəɡɒɡi］
n. 教育学，教学法
解　the profession of a teacher; activities that impart knowledge
例　The English teacher had published her doctoral thesis on the pedagogy of languages. 英语老师出版了她关于语言教学法的博士论文。
近　pediatrics n. 儿科学；pedantic adj. 迂腐的，学究气的；pedantry n. 假装学者，卖弄学问；pedant n. 书呆子，迂腐之人
同　pedagogue n. 教师

pedal
pedal［'pedəl］
n. 踏板
例　The two pedals of a bicycle, pushed down one after the other, make it go. 把自行车的两个踏板交替着往下踩，车就可以前进了。

pedestrian
pedestrian［pɪ'destrɪən; (US)pə'destrɪən］
n. 行人，步行者〈同 walker〉
例　Pedestrians have to watch for automobiles turning corners. 行人在转角处要注意机动车。
adj. 平淡无奇的，缺乏想像力的〈同 dull〉
例　She did not like the author's pedestrian style of writing. 她不喜欢作者缺乏想像力的写作风格。

peel
peel［pi:l］
v. ① 削（或剥）…的皮
例　Peel a banana for the child. 剥一个香蕉给小孩吃。
例　When I was sunburnt, my skin peeled. 我的皮肤被太阳晒伤，脱皮了。

peep
peep［pi:p］
n./vi. 窥视，偷看〈同　peek〉
例　She peeped behind the curtain to get a glimpse of the famous singer. 为了一睹那名著名歌星的风采，她从窗帘后面偷偷窥视。
n.（小鸟、小鸡等的）唧唧叫〈同　chirp〉
例　The baby chickens gave a peep when their mother returned with feed. 当鸡妈妈带着食物回来时，小鸡崽们会唧唧叫。

peer
peer［pɪə(r)］
vi. 凝视，仔细看〈同 gaze〉
例　She peered at the tag to read the price. 她仔细看标签上的价格。
n. 同辈，同等的人〈同 fellow, companion〉
例　It has been found that left-handed people suffer more stress than their right-handed peers. 人们发现，习惯用左手的人要比习惯用右手的人压力更大。

pellucid
pellucid［pə'lu:sɪd］
adj. ① 清晰的，清澈的 ② 易懂的
解　① transparent; clear; clearly expressed ② easy to understand
例　The lawyer wrote a pellucid letter to avoid any misunderstanding and to express her forthrightness. 律师写了一封意思清楚的信件来避免任何的误解，同时坦率地表达了自己的看法。

penalty
penalty［'penəlti］
n. 处罚，罚款；违约金〈同 punishment〉
例　The penalty for speeding is usually a fine. 对超速的处罚通常是罚款。

penchant
penchant［'pɑ:n∫ɑ:n; (US)'pentʃənt］
n. 爱好，嗜好〈同　liking, inclination〉
例　I have a penchant for old science fiction movies. 我对老科幻电影有所偏好。

pendant
pendant［'pendənt］
n. 垂饰；下垂物〈同　hanging〉
例　The heart-shaped pendant he gave her for her birthday had a picture of them inside. 在他当生日礼物送给她的心形吊坠里，有一张两人的照片。

pendulum
pendulum［'pendjʊləm; (US)'penʤʊləm］
n. 钟摆，摇锤
例　The pendulum in the grandfather clock swung back and forth. 落地座钟的钟摆摆来摆去。

penetrate
penetrate　［ˈpenətreɪt］
vt. 穿透；渗透〈同 go through〉
例 The bullet penetrated the victim's chest and lodged itself just to the right of his heart. 子弹穿透了受害者的胸部，正好停在他心脏的右边。
联 penetrating adj. 敏锐的，尖锐的；penetration n. 穿透，渗透

penetrating
penetrating［'penətreɪtɪŋ］
adj. ①思想敏锐的，有洞察力的
例　His question was so penetrating that the teacher did not know how to answer it. 他的问题太尖锐了，老师不知道该如何回答。
例　The piccolo possesses a penetrating sound that enables it to be easily heard above the other instruments in the orchestra. 短笛有一种穿透性的声音，在交响乐队的其他乐器当中，很容易便能听出它的声音。

peninsula
peninsula［pə'nɪnsjʊlə; pə'nɪnsələ］
n. 半岛
例　Italy is one of the world's most famous peninsulas. 意大利是世界上最著名的半岛之一。

peninsula
peninsula［pɪ'nɪnsjʊlə; -sə-］
n. 半岛
解　a large mass of land projecting into a body of water
例　The peninsula offered people beaches. 半岛为人们提供了海滩。
近　penicillin n. 青霉素

pension
pension［'penʃən］
n. 养老金，退休金〈同 annuity〉
例　Pensions are often paid because of long service, special merit or injuries received. 通常会由于多年的效力、特殊的功绩或受伤等原因而给当事人发放津贴。

pensive
pensive［'pensɪv］
adj. 沉思的〈同　meditative, contemplative〉
例　Mary sat quietly in the corner of the room with a pensive look on her face. 玛丽安静地坐在房间的角落里，脸上一副若有所思的样子。

penury
penury［'penjʊrɪ］
n. 贫穷
解　a state of extreme poverty or destitution
例　We find much penury and suffering in this slum. 我们在这片贫民窟看到了太多的贫穷和苦难。
同　penurious adj. 吝啬的，小气的；贫困的；缺乏的

perceive
perceive　［pəˈsiːv］
vt. 感知；察觉，发觉；理解，认识〈同 sense; detect; know〉
例 The eyes perceive color and the ears perceive sound. 眼睛可以识别颜色，耳朵可以感知声音。
记 per（全部）+ceiv（拿住)+e→全部拿住→理解，认识
联 perceivable adj. 可感知的

perception
perception［pə'sepʃən］
n. 理解；感知，感觉〈同 understanding, sense〉
例　She had a clear perception of the problem, and soon solved it. 她很清楚问题所在，然后很快就解决了。
例　The dancer's performance was perfect. 那位舞蹈演员的表现很完美。
例　The editor perfected the manuscript with his changes. 手稿经编辑修改之后变得完美了。

percussion
percussion［pə'kʌ∫ən］
n. 打击乐器
例　The drum is a percussion instrument. 鼓是一种打击乐器。

perennial
perennial［pə'renɪəl］
adj. 四季不断的，终年的；（植物）多年生的〈同　continuous, perpetual〉
例　The gardener preferred to plant perennial flowers rather than annuals. 那名园艺师喜欢种多年生花卉，不喜欢种一年生花卉。

perfidy
perfidy［'pɜ:fɪdi］
n. 不忠，背叛
解　betrayal of a trust
例　The king's most trusted soldiers waited until he was asleep before committing the perfidy of stabbing him. 国王最信任的士兵等他睡着之后背叛并刺杀了他。
同　perfidious adj. 不忠的，背信弃义的
构　per (=to violate) + fid (=faith) + y

perform
perform［pə'fɔ:m］
vt. ① 履行，执行〈同 handle, execute〉
例　He performed his regular duties quickly and quietly. 他总是既快又安静的履行他的职责。
例　Horowitz is performing at Carnegie Hall tonight. 霍洛维兹今晚在卡内基音乐厅演出。

performance
performance　［pəˈfɔːməns］
n. 履行；表演，演奏〈同 enactment; show〉
例 They gave a superb performance of Arthur Miller's play The Crucible. 他们精彩地演绎了亚瑟·米勒的戏剧《萨勒姆的女巫》。

performance
performance［pə'fɔ:məns］
n. ① 演出，表演 ② 行为，行动
解　① the giving of a play, concert, circus, or other show ② thing performed; act
例　His peerless performance won him a prize. 他无与伦比的表演使他获得了一个奖项。
同　performer n. 表演者

perfume
perfume［'pɜ:fju:m］
n. 香味；香水〈同 scent, fragrance〉
例　She wore an absolutely delicious-smelling perfume. 她身上喷的香水味道很好闻。

perfunctory
perfunctory［pə'fʌŋktəri］
adj. 草率的，敷衍的
解　done as a duty or routine but without care or interest; doing things without concern or solicitude
例　He overlooked many weaknesses when he inspected the factory in a perfunctory manner. 他视察工厂的时候敷衍了事，忽视了许多问题。
构　per (=falsely) + funct (=to perform) + ory

perimeter
perimeter［pə'rɪmɪtə(r)］
n. 边缘，周边地带〈同　edge, periphery〉
例　The perimeter of the castle is protected by a moat. 城堡周围有一条护城河保护。

perimeter
perimeter［pə'rɪmɪtə(r)］
n. 周围，周界；周长
解　outer boundary of a closed figure; the length of such a boundary
例　The outer perimeter of the castle was protected by a dangerous moat. 城堡的四周由一条危险的护城河来保护。

periodic
periodic［ˌpɪərɪ'ɒdɪk］
adj. 周期的，定期的〈同 repeated, recurrent〉
例　Janet had periodic feelings of anxiety after she was deserted by her boyfriend. 被男朋友抛弃后，珍妮特总是间歇性焦虑。

periodically
periodically　［ˌpɪərɪˈɒdɪkəli］
adv. 周期性地；定时性地〈同 intermittently; routinely〉
例 Some materials periodically demonstrate unusual behavior when frozen. 个别材料在冷冻时会周期性地呈现出异常反应。

periphery
periphery［pə'rɪfəfi］
n. 外围〈同　circumference, boundary〉
例　Jack never got involved in any of our activities; he was always at the periphery. 杰克从来不参加我们的任何活动；他总是游离在外。

perish
perish［'perɪʃ］
vi. 死亡；腐烂〈同 die〉
例　Many animals perished in the forest fire. 许多动物在这场森林大火中死亡。

perjury
perjury［'pɜ:ʤəri］
n. 伪证，假誓
解　false testimony while under oath
例　When several witnesses appeared to challenge his story, he was indicted for perjury. 当几位目击者出庭来质疑他的陈述的时候，他被控告作了伪证。
构　per (=falsely) + jur (=to swear) + y
同　perjure v. 作伪证，发假誓

permanent
permanent　［ˈpɜːmənənt］
adj. 长久的，永久的〈同 everlasting〉
例 After he moved to the United States, he decided it would be permanent and he would not return to his hometown. 他搬到美国之后，便决定永远住在那里，再也不回他的家乡了。
记 per（贯穿，自始至终）+ man（停留）+ ent→永久停留→长久的
联 permanence n. 永久，持久

permeate
permeate［'pɜ:mɪeɪt］
vt. 弥漫；渗透，透过〈同 pervade, penetrate〉
例　The odor of frying onions permeated the air. 炸洋葱的气味弥散在空气里。

permission
permission［pə'mɪʃən］
n. 许可，允许〈同 consent, approbation〉
例　She asked for permission to leave work early. 她请求早点下班。

permit
permit
例 Mary's permit allows her to fish in the river. 玛丽有许可证，她可以在河里钓鱼。
例 I will go on Monday, if the weather permits. 如果天气允许，我周一就去。
联 permissive adj. 忍让的，宽容的；permission n. 许可，允许

perpendicular
perpendicular［ˌpɜ:pən'dɪkjʊlə(r)］
adj. 垂直的，直立的〈同　vertical, upright〉
例　The road that runs north to south is perpendicular to the road that runs east to west. 从南向北的那条路与从东向西的那条路垂直。

perpetual
perpetual［pə'petjʊəl］
adj. 不间断的，持续的；永久的，永恒的〈同 continual, eternal〉
例　After they stole the money, they lived in perpetual fear of being discovered and arrested. 偷了钱之后，他们一直过着提心吊胆的生活，生怕被发现并被逮捕。

perpetuate
perpetuate［pə'petjʊeɪt］
vt. 使…延续，使永存〈同　eternalize〉
例　Every kind of plant has its own way to perpetuate itself. 每一种植物都有自我繁衍的方式。

perplex
perplex［pə'pleks］
vt. 使迷惑，使困惑；难住〈同 baffle, confuse〉
例　The difficult math problem perplexed the students. 数学难题把学生们难住了。

persecute
persecute［'pɜ:sɪkju:t］
vt. 迫害〈同　oppress, victimize〉
例　It is wrong to persecute someone because of his or her religious beliefs. 因为他人的宗教信仰而迫害他人是错误的。

persecute
persecute［'pɜ:sɪkju:t］
v. ① 迫害 ② 不断困扰
解　① to cause to suffer ② to annoy persistently; bother
例　Thousands of Jews were persecuted during the era of the European Inquisition. 在欧洲宗教法庭时期，数以千计的犹太教徒被迫害。
近　execute v. 实行，完成；处决；execution n. 实施；executive n. 经理；行政人员；executor n. 遗嘱执行人
构　per (=through, throughout) + secut (=to follow) + e

persevere
persevere［ˌpɜ:sɪ'vɪə(r)］
vi. 坚持不懈，不屈不挠〈同　endure, persist〉
例　In spite of all the difficulties getting into medical school, I intend to persevere in my plans to become a doctor. 虽然进入医学院要面临重重困难，我仍打算坚持成为一名医生的计划。

persist
persist　［pəˈsɪst］
vi. 坚持；持续〈同 continue〉
例 He persisted in denying that he was at the scene of the crime although a number of people saw him there. 虽然有许多人看到他在犯罪现场，但他坚持否认。
联 persistence n. 坚持；persistent adj. 持续的

persistent
persistent［pə'sɪstənt］
adj. 坚持的，持久的〈同 tenacious, constant〉
例　His wife's persistent complaining is starting to annoy him. 他妻子没完没了的抱怨开始惹恼他了。

personable
personable［'pɜ:sənəbəl］
adj. 容貌好的；有风度的
解　(of persons) pleasant in appearance and personality
例　The interviewer hired the personable candidate for the job of receptionist. 面试官雇用了这个长相漂亮的候选人来做前台接待的工作。

personal
personal　［ˈpɜːsənəl］
adj. ① 私人的，个人的〈同 individual, private〉
例 I bought a computer for my own personal use. 我买了一台电脑给自己用。
例 The actress made a personal visit to a seriously ill fan of hers. 那位女演员亲自拜访了她的一位患重病的粉丝。

personality
personality［ˌpɜ:sə'nælɪti］
n. 个性，性格；品格〈同 character〉
例　It is in his personality to help others. 乐于助人是他的品格。

personality
personality［ˌpɜ:sə'næləti］
n. 性格
解　the complex of all the attributes—behavioral, temperamental, emotional and mental—that characterize a unique individual
例　The survey reported that personality and appearance are the two top characteristics that men look for in wives. 调查显示，男士在寻找另一半时最看重性格和外貌。

personnel
personnel［ˌpɜ:sə'nel］
n. 人员，职员〈同　staff, employees〉
例　The office personnel worked overtime during the busy season. 在旺季，办公人员要加班工作。

personnel
personnel［ˌpɜ:sə'nel］
n. 人员，职员
解　group of people willing to obey orders
例　The human resource department is responsible for hiring personnel. 人力资源部门负责招聘员工。

perspective
perspective　［pəˈspektɪv］
n.（判断事物的）角度，方法，观点〈同 viewpoint〉
例 Perhaps in the long-term perspective of history, some events that seem very important now will prove minor. 从长期的历史角度来看，某些现在看起来很重要的事可能会变得微不足道。

perspiration
perspiration［ˌpɜ:spə'reɪ∫ən］
n. 汗水，出汗〈同　sweat〉
例　After working in the hot sun for an hour, the laborers were covered with perspiration. 在炎热的太阳下工作一个小时之后，工人们身上满是汗水。

persuade
persuade　［pəˈsweɪd］
v. 说服，劝说，（使）相信〈同 convince〉
例 I knew I should study, but he persuaded me to go to the movie. 我知道我应该学习，但他说服我去看电影。
联 persuasive adj. 有说服力的；persuasion n. 说服；说服力

persuade
persuade［pə'sweɪd］
vt. 说服，劝说〈同 convince〉
例　No one could persuade Tom to stop playing computer games; he is already crazy. 没有人能说服汤姆停止玩电子游戏，他已经着魔了。

pertain
pertain［pə'teɪn］
vi. 有关，关于（to）〈同 have to do with〉
例　My question pertains to yesterday's homework. 我的问题是关于昨天的家庭作业的。

pertinent
pertinent［'pɜ:tɪnənt; (US)'pɜ:tənənt］
adj. 恰当的；相关的，切题的；中肯的〈同 relevant〉
例　In order to win the case, the lawyer must know all the pertinent details. 为了打赢官司，律师必须了解案子的全部相关细节。

pessimistic
pessimistic　［ˌpesɪˈmɪstɪk］
adj. 悲观的，厌世的
例 I was pessimistic about passing the test because I hadn't studied. 我对通过考试持悲观态度，因为我根本没学习。

pest
pest［pest］
n. 害虫；令人讨厌的人或物〈同 nuisance〉
例　Flies and mosquitoes are pests. 苍蝇和蚊子属于害虫。

petition
petition［pə'tɪʃən］
n./v. 请愿〈同 request〉
例　We need one hundred more signatures before we take the petition to the governor. 把这份请愿书递交给省长之前，我们还需要100人签名。

petty
petty［'peti］
adj. 小的，不重要的〈同 trivial〉
例　Don't let petty disturbances upset you. 不要让小困惑烦扰你。

phase
phase　［feɪz］
n. 阶段，状态〈同 stage〉
例 The three phases of matter are solid, liquid and gas. 物质的三种状态分别是固态、液态和气态。

phenomena
phenomena［fɪ'nɒmɪnə］
n.（pl.）现象〈同 events, appearance〉
例　We kept careful records of the phenomena we noted in the course of these experiments. 我们坚持认真地记录实验过程中所见到的每一个现象。

phenomenology
phenomenology［fɪˌnɒmɪ'nɒləʤi］
n. 现象学
解　the study of the development of human consciousness and self-awareness as a preface to philosophy or a part of philosophy
例　Genetic science is very closely related to phenomenology. 遗传学与现象学之间有着紧密的联系。

phenomenon
phenomenon［fə'nɒmɪnən］
n. 现象
解　fact, event, or circumstance that can be observed
例　Lightning is an electrical phenomenon. 闪电是一种放电现象。
同　phenomenology n. 现象学

philanthropic
philanthropic［ˌfɪlən'θrɔpɪk］
adj. 博爱的
解　charitable; benevolent
例　The philanthropic association donated money to worthy causes. 慈善协会对值得捐助的事业捐助资金。
同　philanthropist n. 慈善家
近　misanthrope n. 厌世者，愤世嫉俗者

philanthropy
philanthropy［fɪ'lænθrəpi］
n. 仁慈，博爱
解　love of humanity shown by practical kindness and helpfulness
例　Tom showed a great deal of philanthropy by volunteering to organize the charity event. 汤姆自愿组织慈善活动，展现了他的博爱之情。

philatelist
philatelist［fɪ'lætəlɪst］
n. 集邮家
解　stamp-collector
例　When she heard the value of the Penny Black stamp, Phyllis was inspired to become a philatelist. 菲莉斯听说了黑便士邮票（英国1840年发行的面值1便士的黑色邮票）的价值之后，受到激发成为了集邮爱好者。
同　philately n. 集邮

philology
philology［fɪ'lɒləʤi］
n. 语言学，文献学〈同　linguistics, literature〉
例　My final essay in the philology course was on the origin of the Romance languages. 我语言学课的期末论文是关于罗曼语的起源的。

phonetic
phonetic［fə'netɪk］
adj. 语音的
解　of sounds made with the voice
例　Phonetic exercises are drills in pronunciation. 语音训练就是发音的练习。

phonetics
phonetics［fə'netɪks］
n. 语音学；语音体系
例　Chinese and English have different phonetics. 汉语和英语有不同的语音体系。

physical
physical　［ˈfɪzɪkəl］
adj. 身体的；物质的
例 There's an element of danger in any sport in which there is a lot of physical contact. 任何有大量身体接触的运动项目都有危险。
联 physician n. 内科医生

physician
physician［fɪ'zɪ∫ən］
n. 内科医生〈同　doctor〉
例　It is a good idea to see a physician regularly to check your health. 定期去找医生检查身体，是个好主意。

physiological
physiological［ˌfɪzɪə'lɒʤɪkəl］
adj. 生理学的；生理上的
例　To understand this disease fully, we must examine not only its physiological aspects but also its psychological elements. 为了更好地了解这种疾病，我们不仅要做生理方面的检查，也要做心理方面的检查。

picnic
picnic［'pɪknɪk］
n. 野餐
例　Today the weather is really nice; let's go for a picnic. 今天的天气很好，我们去野餐吧。

picturesque
picturesque［ˌpɪktʃə'resk］
adj. 似画的，美丽的〈同　scenic, beautiful〉
例　I grew up in a picturesque village like the ones you see in postcards. 我在一个风景秀丽的村庄里长大，那里的风光就像你在明信片上见到的那样。

pierce
pierce［pɪəs］
vt. 穿透，戳穿〈同 penetrate〉
例　I pierced the paper with my pencil. 我用铅笔穿透了这张纸。

pigment
pigment［'pɪgmənt］
n. 色素，颜料〈同　coloring, dye〉
例　She used a red pigment to dye her hair for the costume party. 为了参加化装舞会，她用一种红色染料染了头发。

pill
pill［pɪl］
n. 药片
例　He took a pill because he had a headache. 因为头疼，他服下一片药。

pillar
pillar　［ˈpɪlə(r)］
n. 柱，柱子〈同 column〉
例 Sometimes a pillar stands alone as a monument. 有时候，一根单独立着的柱子就是一座纪念碑。

pillow
pillow　［ˈpɪləʊ］
n. 枕头
例 My neck hurts because I slept without a pillow last night. 我脖子痛，因为我昨晚睡觉没枕枕头。

pilot
pilot　［ˈpaɪlət］
n. 飞行员；领航员
例 The pilot steered the plane through thick clouds. 飞行员操控着飞机，穿过厚厚的云层。
v. 引导〈同 guide〉
例 The manager piloted us through the big factory. 经理带领我们参观这个大工厂。

pinch
pinch　［pɪntʃ］
vt. 掐，夹痛〈同 clutch〉
例 As she was getting out of the car, she accidentally pinched her finger in the door. 她在下车的时候，不小心被车门夹了手指。

pinpoint
pinpoint［'pɪnpɔɪnt］
vt. 准确地确定；用针标出…的精确位置〈同　locate, spot〉
例　Can you pinpoint the position of the enemy on this map? 你能在这张地图上精确地标出敌人的位置吗？

pioneer
pioneer［ˌpaɪə'nɪə(r)］
n. 开拓者〈同　originator, explorer〉
例　Many American pioneers settled down and raised families in the western half of the country. 许多美国拓荒者在西部定居，并组建了家庭。
vt. 开辟，倡导〈同　lead, explore〉
例　Her chemistry research pioneered the way for the discovery of the new medicinal drug. 她的化学研究开创了新药物的发现方式。

pipeline
pipeline［'paɪplaɪn］
n. 管道
解　line of pipes for carrying oil or other liquids, usually over a considerable distance
例　The earthquake broke the city's main gas pipeline, releasing natural gas into the air. 地震破坏了这座城市的主要天然气管道，将天然气泄漏到了空气中去。
同　pipe n. 管道

pique
pique［pi:k］
vt. ①激起，引起（好奇等）〈同　arouse〉
例　The talk of money piqued the businessman's interest. 关于钱的话题引起了那位商人的兴趣。
例　It piqued her that we had a secret she did not share. 我们竟然有个秘密没有与她分享，这让她非常不满。

pirate
pirate［'paɪrət］
n. 海盗〈同　hijacker〉
例　The pirate raided the ship and stole the money and jewelry of the people on board. 海盗突袭了轮船，抢走了船上乘客的钱和珠宝。

pit
pit　［pɪt］
n. 坑，地坑；煤矿〈同 cavity; mine〉
例 My dog dug a shallow pit in the back yard. 我的狗在后院挖了一个很浅的坑。
vt. 使对抗，使相斗〈同 confront〉
例 The winners of the semifinals will be pitted against each other. 半决赛的获胜者将展开巅峰对决。

pitch
pitch［pɪtʃ］
n.（音乐的）音调高低
例　The pitch in his voice was too high and he sounded like a girl. 他说话的音调太高了，这让他听起来像个女孩。
v. 投掷〈同　throw, hurl〉
例　He pitched a curve ball and the baseball player could not hit it. 他投出一记弧线球，那个棒球运动员没有击中。

pivot
pivot［'pɪvət］
n. 枢轴；中心点，重点〈同　axis; focus〉
例　He worked so long for the company that he became the pivot of its daily operations. 他为公司工作了那么长时间，已经成为那家公司运营的中心人物。

placate
placate［plə'keɪt］
v. 抚慰，平息（愤怒）
解　to make someone or some creature less angry; soothe
例　Her husband bought her a gift and flowers to placate her anger. 妻子生气了，丈夫买了一件礼物和鲜花来安抚她。
同　placating adj. 安抚的

placebo
placebo［plə'si:bəʊ］
n. 安慰剂
解　harmless substance prescribed as a dummy pill
例　The effectiveness of the placebo confirmed some psychological factors involved in her disorder. 安慰剂对她有用，这证实了她的错乱行为与某些心理因素有关。

placid
placid［'plæsɪd］
adj. 安静的，平和的
解　pleasantly calm or peaceful; quiet
例　The lake is placid now that the storm is over. 风暴过去后，湖水恢复了平静。

plagiarism
plagiarism［'pleɪʤɪərɪzəm］
n. 剽窃，抄袭〈同　copying, imitation〉
例　Plagiarism is the act of identically copying the written work of someone else and taking credit for it. 剽窃是照搬他人的书面作品，并将其据为己有的行为。

plague
plague［pleɪg］
n. 瘟疫，灾祸〈同 epidemic, disease〉
例　The plague has killed millions through the centuries. 几个世纪以来，瘟疫夺去了数百万人的生命。
vt. 折磨，使苦恼；给…造成麻烦（或困难）〈同 afflict, bother〉
例　The construction work was plagued by the heavy rains. 施工因大雨而受阻。

plain
plain［pleɪn］
n. 平原，草原〈同　plateau, prairie〉
例　The American plains were once full of buffalo and wildlife. 美洲平原上曾经遍布野牛和野生动植物。
adj. 简单的，朴素的〈同　unadorned, simple〉
例　We lived in a comfortable but plain cottage. 我们住在一栋舒适但非常简朴的农舍里。

plank
plank［plæŋk］
n. 厚木板〈同　board, lumber〉
例　The pirates asked Pete to walk the plank. He took one look at their swords and then acquiesced. 海盗们让皮特走跳板。他看了一眼他们的剑，然后默默地顺从了海盗的命令。

plantation
plantation［plɑ:n'teɪ∫ən］
n. 种植园，大农场〈同　farm〉
例　The plantation produced rice and wheat. 大农场生产大米和小麦。

plaster
plaster［'plɑ:stə(r); (US)'plæstər］
n. 灰泥，石膏
例　The plaster on the walls had cracked as it dried. 墙上的灰泥干裂了。
vt. 抹泥，涂〈同 smear〉
例　Her shoes were plastered with mud. 她的鞋上沾了一层泥。

plate
plate　［pleɪt］
n. 盘子；版图，大片平面〈同 dish; covering〉
例 Our food is served on plates. 我们的食物是用盘子盛的。
联 platelike adj. 层状的

plateau
plateau［'plætəʊ; (US)plæ'təʊ］
n. 高地，高原〈同 highland, upland〉
例　The new airport will be constructed on a large plateau overlooking the capital. 新的机场将建在一片可以俯瞰整个首都的辽阔高原上。

platform
platform　［ˈplætfɔːm］
n.（车站）月台；平台；讲坛〈同 stage〉
例 The guards prevented the fans from climbing onto the platform where the famous singer was performing. 保安人员阻止粉丝爬上那名著名歌手表演的舞台。
记 plat（看作flat，平的）+ form（外形)→平台

platitude
platitude［'plætɪtju:d; (US)-tu:d］
n. 陈词滥调〈同　trite saying, cliche〉
例　“Believe in yourself”is a platitude many Chinese students are fond of quoting.“相信自己”是许多中国学生喜欢引用的一句陈词滥调。

plausible
plausible［'plɔ:zɪbəl］
adj. 好像有道理的，似乎真实的；善于花言巧语的〈同 likely〉
例　He had a plausible reason for being late, but I still did not believe him. 他对于迟到的解释貌似有理，但是我仍然不相信他。

playwright
playwright［'pleɪraɪt］
n. 剧作家〈同　dramatist〉
例　Shakespeare is one of the greatest playwrights ever. 莎士比亚是历史上最伟大的剧作家之一。

plea
plea［pli:］
n. ① 恳求，请求〈同 request〉
例　The employees turned in a plea to their boss for higher pay. 员工恳求老板涨工资。
例　Mr. Wilson entered a plea of not guilty. 威尔逊先生提出无罪辩护（不承认有罪）。

plead
plead［pli:d］
v. ① 恳求〈同 beg〉
例　The writer pleaded for an extension on her deadline. 作家请求推迟截止日期。
例　He ha d a good lawyer to plead his case. 他有个很好的律师为他的案子辩护。

pleasing
pleasing［'pli:zɪŋ］
adj. 令人高兴的；合意的〈同　comfortable〉
例　Because the meal was so pleasing, I left a large tip for the waiter. 因为饭菜太可口了，我给服务员留了一大笔小费。

pledge
pledge［pleʤ］
n. 保证，誓言〈同 promise, oath〉
例　They made a pledge to give money to charity. 他们承诺给慈善机构捐款。
vt. 发誓；保证〈同 vow〉

pliable
pliable［'plaɪəbəl］
adj. ①易弯的，柔软的〈同　malleable, lithe〉
例　The sheet of plastic becomes very pliable when it is warmed. 这块塑料加热后变得非常柔韧。
例　He is too pliable to be a good leader. 他太软弱了，很难成为一名优秀的领导者。

plight
plight［plaɪt］
n.（恶劣的）情势，困境〈同　misfortune, difficulty〉
例　I cried when I heard of the refugees' plight. 听说了难民们的困境，我哭了。

plot
plot　［plɒt］
n.（小说的）情节，结构〈同 scenario〉
例 The TV show's plot was so silly that I refused to finish watching it. 这个电视节目的情节太傻了，我不愿意继续把它看完了。
v. ① 绘图〈同 chart〉
例 The pilot plotted the plane's course. 飞行员绘制出飞机的航线。
例 The rebels plotted against the government. 反叛者密谋与政府对抗。

plow
plow［plaʊ］
n. 犁
例　He bought a small plow so he could break up the soil in his garden before planting the seeds. 他买了一个小型犁，这样他在播种之前可以先把花园里的泥土打散。
vt. 耕作〈同　cultivate, farm〉
例　Farmer Jones plowed his field last week. 农夫琼斯上周犁了田。

plug
plug　［plʌɡ］
n. 塞子；插头；插销
例 I put the plug in the drain to keep the water from running out of the bathtub. 我用塞子堵上排水口，这样水就不会从浴缸里流走了。

plumage
plumage［'plu:mɪʤ］
n. 鸟类羽毛〈同　feathers〉
例　The male peacock has gorgeous plumage. 雄性孔雀有华丽的羽毛。

plumb
plumb［plʌm］
adj. 垂直的〈同　perpendicular, vertical〉
例　The monument consists of two plumb pillars supporting a horizontal slab. 纪念碑是两个垂直立柱支撑着一块水平石板。

plump
plump［plʌmp］
adj. 胖嘟嘟的，丰满的〈同　chubby, fat〉
例　Overeating has made him quite plump. 暴饮暴食让他变得很胖。

plunge
plunge　［plʌnʤ］
v.（使）跳进；（使）投入，（使）陷入〈同 dive〉
例 The swimmer plunged into the pool. 那个游泳的人跳入了水池。

pneumonia
pneumonia［nju:'məʊnjə］
n. 肺炎
例　Pneumonia is a disease that attacks the lungs. 肺炎是侵害肺部的疾病。

pocketbook
pocketbook［'pɒkɪtbʊk］
n. 钱袋，皮夹〈同　purse, wallet〉
例　She put her pocketbook onto the table. 她把钱包放在了桌子上。

poke
poke［pəʊk］
v. 戳，捅〈同 thrust〉
例　She playfully poked her boyfriend in the ribs. 她开玩笑地戳了戳男朋友的肋骨。

polar
polar［'pəʊlə(r)］
adj. ① 极地（南极或北极）的〈同 of or near the North or South Pole〉
例　It is very cold in the polar regions. 极地非常寒冷。
例　Love and hatred are polar feelings or attitudes. 爱与恨是情感或者态度的两个极端。

policy
policy　［ˈpɒləsi］
n. ① 政策
例 I can't issue a refund without a receipt. It's the store's policy. 没有收据，我无法安排退款。这是商店的规定。
例 My fire insurance policy states that I shall receive $40,000 if my house burns down. 我的火灾保险单上说，如果我的房子被烧毁了，我将获得40,000美元的补偿。

polish
polish　［ˈpɒlɪʃ］
vt. 擦亮〈同 shine〉
例 Ellen always polished her boyfriend's shoes in order to please him. 埃伦为了取悦她的男朋友，经常给他擦鞋。
n. 光泽；上光剂〈同 shine; glaze〉
例 The polish of the furniture reflected our faces like a mirror. 家具的光泽像镜子般照出了我们的面孔。
联 polished adj. 擦亮的

politics
politics［'pɒlətɪks］
n. 政治；政见；政治学
例　Her political science teacher encouraged her to seek a career in politics. 她的政治学老师鼓励她进入政界。

poll
poll［pəʊl］
n. 选举投票；民意测验〈同 survey〉
例　The latest poll shows that ninety percent of the population likes pizza. 最新的民调显示，百分之九十的人喜欢吃比萨饼。

pollinate
pollinate［'pɒləneɪt］
vt. 对…授粉〈同　fertilize〉
例　The tree produces fruit once its flowers are pollinated. 树的花朵被授粉之后便会结出果实。

pollute
pollute［pə'lu:t］
vt. 污染；玷污〈同　contaminate; defile〉
例　Many lakes and rivers have been polluted by industrial waste. 许多河流湖泊都被工业废水污染了。

polygon
polygon［'pɒlɪgən; (US)-gɒn］
n. 多边形
例　A square, a triangle, and a hexagon are all polygons. 正方形、三角形和六边形都是多边形。

ponder
ponder［'pɒndə(r)］
v. 深思，思考〈同 reflect, consider carefully〉
例　Let's ponder the problem and not act hastily. 让我们仔细考虑这个问题，不要匆忙行动。

ponderous
ponderous［'pɒndərəs］
adj. 沉重的，笨重的〈同　heavy, weighty〉
例　The ponderous elephant could not fit in the elevator. 笨重的大象没法进入升降梯。

pool
pool　［puːl］
v. 联合经营；共享
例 The only one way for us to overcome the difficulty is to pool our resources. 我们克服困难的唯一途径就是资源共享。

populous
populous［'pɒpjʊləs］
adj. 人口稠密的，人口多的〈同　crowded, populated〉
例　The nuclear bomb threatens equally the populous areas and the sparsely settled hinterland. 核弹对人口稠密地区和人口稀少的偏僻地区都有威胁。

porcelain
porcelain［'pɔ:səlɪn］
n. 瓷器，瓷〈同　china〉
例　Many people like to collect porcelain dishes. 许多人喜欢收藏瓷盘。

porous
porous［'pɔ:rəs］
adj. 可渗透的，多孔的〈同 permeable〉
例　The porous sponge quickly soaked up the water. 多孔海绵很快就吸干了水分。

port
port［pɔ:t］
n. 港口
解　a place (seaport or airport) where people and merchandise can enter or leave a country
例　New York was the most common port where Europeans immigrants arrived in America. 欧洲移民通常在纽约港登陆美国。

portable
portable　［ˈpɔːtəbəl］
adj. 便携的，手提式的；轻便的〈同 mobile〉
例 With the growing popularity of back-packing and hiking, all kinds of portable camping equipment is being sold. 随着背包旅行和徒步旅行的日益流行，各种便携式露营设备开始上市。
记 port（拿）+ able→可以手拿的→轻便的

portend
portend［pɔ:'tend］
vt. 预兆，预示〈同　herald, foreshadow〉
例　The black clouds portend a storm. 乌云预示着一场暴风雨即将来临。

porter
porter［'pɔ:tə(r)］
n. 搬运工
解　a person employed to carry loads or baggage
例　Please give your bags to the porter. 请把您的包给搬运工。

portion
portion［'pɔ:ʃən］
n. 一部分，部分〈同 part, section〉
例　I am satisfied with a portion of the manuscript, not all. 我对部分手稿很满意，并不是对全部都满意。

portrait
portrait　［ˈpɔːtrɪt; ˈpɔːtrət］
n. 肖像，画像；描写
例 The queen posed for a portrait painted by a famous artist. 女王摆出一个姿势，让一名著名艺术家为她绘制肖像。
联 portraitist n. 肖像画家；portraiture n. 肖像画法；肖像

portray
portray［pɔ:'treɪ］
vt. 描述；绘制〈同 describe, depict〉
例　The book portrays the actor as a selfish person. 这本书把这位演员描写成一个自私的人。

pose
pose［pəʊz］
vt. 形成，引起〈同 cause〉
例　The rising pollution poses a great health hazard. 日益严重的污染对身体健康造成了巨大的危害。
n. 姿势，姿态〈同 posture〉
例　His interest in books was only a pose to get her attention. 他喜欢书只是装模作样，为了吸引她注意而已。

positive
positive　［ˈpɒzətɪv］
adj. ①【电】阳极的
例 An electric current can consist of charges that are positive, negative, or both. 电流中可能包含正电荷、负电荷，或两种电荷同时存在。
例 Nodding one's head is a positive response. 点头是表示肯定的回答。
记 posit（肯定）+ ive→肯定的

possess
possess　［pəˈzes］
vt. 占有，拥有 〈同 have〉
例 That businessman possesses more than five companies. 那个商人拥有超过五家公司。
联 possession n. 拥有，占有；财产

possession
possession［pə'zeʃən］
n. 拥有，占有；财产〈同 ownership, property〉
例　You are fired now. So you should collect all your possessions and leave now. 你已经被解雇了。请你带上私人物品马上离开。

poster
poster［'pəʊstə(r)］
n. 海报，招贴〈同 placard〉
例　We noticed a poster advertising a circus. 我们注意到了一张马戏团的宣传海报。

posthumous
posthumous［'pɒstjʊməs; (US)'pɒstʃəməs］
adj. 死后的，身后的
例　Charles' reputation as a humanitarian suffered a posthumous blow when his widow revealed that he had beaten her every day of their marriage. 查尔斯作为人道主义者所积累的声誉，在其死后却遭到抨击，因为他的遗孀揭露，自从他们结婚之后，他每天都打她。

postpone
postpone　［pəˈspəʊn］
vt. 推迟，使延期〈同 put off, delay〉
例 The meeting was postponed till next week. 会议被推迟到下周。

postulate
postulate［'pɒstjʊleɪt］
vt. 要求；假定〈同 assume〉
例　Scientists do not know why dinosaurs became extinct. But some theories postulate that changes in geography, climate and sea levels were responsible. 科学家还不清楚为什么恐龙会灭绝。但是有些理论假定这与地理因素、气候条件和海平面的变化有关。

pot
pot［pɒt］
n. 罐，壶，锅
例　His mother served him soup from the pot. 他妈妈从罐里给他盛汤。

potent
potent［'pəʊtənt］
adj. 强有力的；有效的〈同　powerful; effective〉
例　The senator is a potent force in her political party. 在她所在的政党中，这位议员有很强的势力。

potential
potential　［pəˈtenʃəl］
adj. 可能的；潜在的〈同 possible〉
例 Destroying nuclear weapons reduces a potential threat to human survival. 销毁核武器可以减少人类生存所面临的潜在威胁。
记 potent（能够，有能力）+ ial→可能的
联 potentially adv. 潜在地；potentiality n. 潜能，潜力

poultry
poultry［'pəʊltri］
n. 家禽
例　She went to the grocery store to buy poultry, like chicken and turkey. 她去食品杂货店买一些禽肉，比如鸡肉和火鸡肉。

pound
pound［paʊnd］
n. 磅；英镑
例　He bought 10 pounds of steak for the barbeque. 他为烤肉野餐买了10磅牛排。
v. 强烈打击〈同　hit, strike〉
例　She pounded on the door till someone finally heard. 她用力敲门，直到终于有人听到敲门声。

pour
pour　［pɔː(r)］
v. 灌注，倾泻
例 I poured the milk out of the bottle. 我把牛奶从瓶子里倒出来。

poverty
poverty　［ˈpɒvəti］
n. 贫困〈同 destitution〉
例 There were very few jobs in the town, and many families lived in poverty. 这个城市没有太多的工作机会，许多家庭生活贫困。

poverty
poverty［'pɒvəti］
n. 贫穷
解　the state of being poor; lack of the means of providing material needs or comforts
例　The bad economy has increased the number of people living in poverty. 萧条的经济形势使得贫困人口的数量又增加了。

practicable
practicable［'præktɪkəbəl］
adj. 行得通的，可以实行的〈同 feasible〉
例　The board of directors decided that the plan was practicable and agreed to undertake the project. 董事会认定计划是可行的，同意实施这个项目。

practical
practical［'præktɪkəl］
adj. 实际的，实践的；实用的〈同 pragmatic, useful〉
例　He w as a practical man, opposed to theory. 他是一个实干的人，不是理论派。

prairie
prairie［'preəri］
n. 大草原〈同　grassland, plain〉
例　The horse is galloping on the prairie. 骏马在大草原上驰骋。

prayer
prayer［'preə(r)］
n. 祈祷，诉求〈同 supplication〉
例　Prayer can be helpful in times of trouble. 在遇到困难的时候，祈祷是有用的。

preach
preach［pri:tʃ］
v. 布道；鼓吹〈同 advocate〉
例　Our local priest preached a sermon on the need for forgiveness. 我们本地的牧师在布道中说明互相原谅的必要性。

precarious
precarious［prɪ'keərɪəs］
adj. 不稳定的；危险的〈同　unstable; dangerous〉
例　I think this stock is a precarious investment and I advise against its purchase. 我认为这支股票是不稳定的投资，我建议不要买。

precarious
precarious［prɪ'keərɪəs］
adj. ① 不稳定的 ② 危险的
解　① not firm or steady ② dangerously insecure
例　He was carefully walking up the precarious staircase of the old wooden house. 他小心翼翼地爬上了这个老旧木屋的危险的楼梯。

precaution
precaution　［prɪˈkɔːʃən］
n. 预防措施，警惕〈同 prevention〉
例 It may rain tonight so take an umbrella as a precaution. 今天晚上可能会下雨，因此预防起见，还是带一把伞吧。
记 pre（预先）+ caut（谨慎）+ ion→预先十分谨慎地做好准备→预防措施
联 precautious adj. 戒备的，警惕的

precede
precede　［prɪˈsiːd］
vt. 在…之前，早于〈同 come before〉
例 Last year's heavy rainfall preceded this year's good harvest. 去年的大雨决定了今年的好收成。
联 preceding adj. 在前的

precedent
precedent［prɪ'si:dənt］
n. 先例，前例 adj. 领先的，居前的，优先的
解　n. an example that is used to justify similar occurrences at a later time adj. preceding in time, order, or significance
例　Without any precedent, there was no protocol for what action to take. 因为没有任何先例，所以也没有关于该采取什么行动的草案。

precious
precious　［ˈpreʃəs］
adj. 宝贵的，珍贵的〈同 valuable〉
例 Diamonds, rubies, and emeralds are precious stones. 钻石、红宝石和祖母绿都是宝石。

precipitate
precipitate［prɪ'sɪpɪteɪt］
vt. 促成；加速〈同 urge, accelerate〉
例　His failure in stock speculation precipitated his ruin. 证券投机的失败使他一下破了产。

precipitous
precipitous［prɪ'sɪpɪtəs］
adj. 陡峭的
解　extremely steep
例　Only the bravest hikers had traveled the precipitous path around the mountain. 只有最勇敢的徒步旅行者走过这座山周围的险峻小道。

precis
precis［'preɪsi:; (US)preɪ'si:］
n. 摘要，大纲
解　a summary of the main points of an argument or theory
例　The publishing magazine gave a precis on a new book that was published this summer. 这本出版方面的杂志对今年夏季出版的一本新书作了摘要。

precise
precise　［prɪˈsaɪs］
adj. 精确的，准确的
例 The directions they gave were so precise that we found our way easily. 他们给出的方向指示非常准确，我们很容易就找到了路。
联 precision n. 精确，精密度

precise
precise［prɪ'saɪs］
adj. 精确的，准确的
解　exact in performance or amount; strictly correct
例　Legal contracts are usually written with precise language to avoid confusion and loopholes. 法律合同的措词通常很精确，这样可以避免混淆和漏洞。
同　precision n. 精确；imprecise adj. 不精确的

preclude
preclude［prɪ'klu:d］
vt. 预先排除，使不可能〈同 prevent〉
例　Retiring members of the Board were precluded from seeking reelection for three years. 董事会的退休成员在三年之内不能重新参加竞选。

precursor
precursor［pri:'kɜ:sə(r)］
n. 先驱，先行者；先兆〈同　forerunner; harbinger〉
例　Thunder is often the precursor of a rainstorm. 打雷往往是暴风雨的前兆。

precursory
precursory［pri(:)'kɜ:səri］
adj. 先驱的，先兆的
解　warning of future misfortune
例　The black cat walking across the path was a precursory sign of bad luck. 黑猫从路上穿过是不祥之兆。
构　pre (=before) + curs (=to run) + ory

predatory
predatory［'predətəri; (US)'predətɔ:ri］
adj. 掠夺的，食肉的〈同　carnivorous〉
例　The hawk is a predatory bird. 鹰是肉食性鸟类。

predecessor
predecessor［'pri:dɪsesə(r); (US)'predəsesər］
n. 前辈，前任〈同 forerunner〉
例　George VI was the predecessor of Queen Elizabeth Ⅱ. 伊丽莎白女王二世的前任是乔治六世。

predict
predict　［prɪˈdɪkt］
vt. 预言，预告〈同 foretell〉
例 Although the weatherman had predicted snow, it was a beautiful weekend. 虽然天气预报说有雪，但周末却是好天气。
联 prediction n. 预言，预报；predictive adj. 预言性的，成为前兆的；predictable adj. 可预见的

predict
predict［prɪ'dɪkt］
v. 预言，预测
解　to make a prediction about, to tell in advance
例　The weatherman predicted a sunny day for tomorrow. 天气预报员预测明天是晴天。
同　prediction n. 预言，预报；predictable adj. 可预言的，可预知的；平庸的；predictive adj. 预言的

predisposition
predisposition［ˌpri:dɪspə'zɪʃən］
n. 倾向，偏爱
解　tendency; inclination
例　He is a miserable person and has a predisposition to look on the dark side of things. 他是一个内心痛苦的人，总是倾向于看到事情的阴暗面。

predominant
predominant［prɪ'dɒmɪnənt］
adj. 支配的，主要的〈同 principal, dominant〉
例　The United States is one of the predominant nations in the world today. 美国是当今世界的主要国家之一。

predominant
predominant［prɪ'dɒmɪnənt］
adj. 占优势的；显著的
解　having greatest ascendancy, importance, influence, authority, or force
例　The United States is the predominant nation in the western hemisphere. 美国是西半球占支配地位的国家。
构　pre (=before) + domin (=to master) + ant

predominantly
predominantly［prɪ'dɒmɪnəntli］
adj. 占主导地位的
例　The students at the state school were predominantly state residents. 公立学校的学生们大部分都是本州居民。

predominate
predominate［prɪ'dɒmɪneɪt］
vt. 统治，成为主流〈同　control, rule〉
例　Scientists believe dinosaurs predominated the world before humans. 科学家们相信，在人类出现之前，恐龙主宰着这个世界。

preeminent
preeminent［pri:'emɪnənt］
adj. 卓越的，出类拔萃的〈同　distinguished, notable〉
例　The king traveled to Boston because he wanted a preeminent surgeon to perform his operation. 国王前往波士顿，因为他希望由一位杰出的外科医生为他动手术。

preeminent
preeminent［pri:'emɪnənt］
adj. 显著的，杰出的
解　greatest in importance, degree, significance or achievement
例　Michael Jordan was the preeminent basketball player in the 1990s. 迈克尔·乔丹是上世纪90年代杰出的篮球运动员。
构　pre (=before) + e < ex (=out) + min (=to project) + ent

prefabricated
prefabricated［ˌpri:'fæbrɪkɪtɪd］
adj. 预制的（指装配前已生产好的）
例　The prefabricated car parts were used to assemble cars at the factory. 预制汽车配件被用来在工厂组装汽车。

preface
preface　［ˈprefəs］
n. 序言；开端
例 The lecturer stated her main idea in the preface of her speech. 演讲人在开场白中陈述了自己的主要观点。
记 pre（前面）+ face（脸面)→放在前面的→序言；开端
联 prefatory adj. 序言的

preface
preface［'prefəs］
n. ① 序言 ② 开端
解　① a short introductory essay preceding the text of a book ② beginning
例　The preface of the autobiography explained how the book was written. 这部自传的序言说明了这本书是如何写成的。

preferable
preferable［'prefərəbəl］
adj. 更可取的，更好的〈同　favored, better〉
例　A preferable option is to store the food in a refrigerator rather than throw it away. 更可取的选择是把食物存放在冰箱里，而不是扔掉。

pregnant
pregnant［'pregnənt］
adj. 怀孕的
例　She took a leave of absence because she was pregnant. 因为怀孕，她休假了。

prehistoric
prehistoric［ˌpri:hɪ'stɒrɪk］
adj. 史前的〈同　ancient, primitive〉
例　Modern turtles evolved from a very large, prehistoric species of turtle. 现代的乌龟是从一种非常庞大的史前龟类进化而来的。

prejudice
prejudice　［ˈpreʤʊdɪs］
n. 偏见〈同 bias〉
例 The new immigrants faced much prejudice. 新移民面临许多歧视。
联 prejudicial adj. 引起偏见的

prejudice
prejudice［'preʤʊdɪs］
n. 偏见 v. 损害
解　n. unreasonable attitude for or against something; bias　v. to affect injuriously or detrimentally by a judgment or an act
例　Companies in the United States are not allowed to hold any prejudices towards people of different races when recruiting employees. 美国公司在招聘员工的时候不允许有种族歧视。

preliminary
preliminary　［prɪˈlɪmɪnəri; (US)prɪˈlɪmɪneri］
adj. 预备的，初步的〈同 initial〉
例 The professor expects a preliminary draft of the paper two weeks before the final due date. 教授希望在最终截止日期的两周前收到论文的初稿。
记 pre（预先）+ limin（门槛）+ ary→入门以前→初步的

prelude
prelude［'prelju:d］
n. 序幕，前奏
解　introductory performance, event, or musical piece
例　There was a prelude before the main event in order to build a sense of drama for the audience. 在主要事件开始之前有一个前奏，这是为了为观众创造一种戏剧感。

premature
premature［ˌpremə'tʃʊə(r); (US)ˌpri:mə'tʊər］
adj. 早熟的，不成熟的；过早的〈同 too soon, too early〉
例　A fire in the gallery caused the premature closing of the exhibition. 由于画廊起火，画展过早结束。

premeditated
premeditated［pri:'medɪteɪtɪd］
adj. 预谋的，事先计划的
解　characterized by deliberate purpose and some degree of planning
例　The judge determined that the crime was not a sudden act of violence; instead it was premeditated and planned. 法官认定这起犯罪不是一种突发的暴力行为，而是经过预谋与计划的。

premeditation
premeditation［ˌpri:ˌmedɪ'teɪʃən］
n. 预谋，预先策划
解　planning or plotting in advance of acting
例　The lawyer had to prove premeditation before the jury would convict the murderer. 要想让陪审团裁定凶手有罪，律师必须先证明凶手是有预谋的。
近　meditation n. 沉思；meditative adj. 沉思的，冥想的；immediate adj. 马上的，立即的

premise
premise［'premɪs］
n. 假设，前提〈同 assumption〉
例　If you accept the premise that most children like sugar, you'll understand why sweets are so popular. 如果你接受大多数小孩都喜欢吃糖这个前提，你就会明白为什么糖果这么受欢迎了。

premise
premise［'premɪs］
n. 前提
解　statement made or implied as a basis of argument
例　The debater won the contest by pointing out that his opponent had no premise to his argument. 这名辩手通过指出他的对手的论点没有前提条件而赢得了比赛。

premium
premium［'prɪ:mɪəm］
n. ① 奖金；奖励〈同 prize〉
例　There's a high premium placed on honesty in these times. 当今时代，人们非常重视诚实。
例　I pay premiums on my life insurance four times a year. 我一年要缴纳四次人寿保险费。

preoccupation
preoccupation［prɪˌɒkjʊ'peɪ∫ən］
n. 主要考虑因素；全神贯注，抢先占据〈同　concern, involvement〉
例　His wife complained about his preoccupation with work and his neglect of family life. 他妻子抱怨他过于专注于工作，忽视了家庭生活。

preponderance
preponderance［prɪ'pɒndərəns］
n.（数量或力量上的）优势
例　The preponderance of evidence led to the jury's guilty verdict. 证据优势让陪审团做出了有罪判决。

prerequisite
prerequisite［ˌpri:'rekwəzɪt］
n. 先决条件〈同　requirement, necessity〉
例　Passing the final test is a prerequisite for graduating. 通过最终测试是毕业的先决条件。
adj. 首要必备的〈同　imperative, mandatory〉
例　This semester I have five prerequisite courses, and two elective courses. 本学期，我共有五门必修课以及两门选修课。

prescribe
prescribe　［prɪˈskraɪb］
vt. ① 指示，规定〈同 dictate〉
例 The company president prescribed a new business plan for his employees. 公司总裁为员工制定了一个新的业务方案。
例 The doctor prescribed penicillin. 医生开了青霉素。
联 prescribed adj. 规定的；prescription n. 药方，处方

presently
presently　［ˈprezəntli］
adv. 现在，当前〈同 at the present time〉
例 Anne is presently busy and cannot come to the telephone. 安妮目前很忙，没法来接电话。

preservative
preservative［prɪ'zɜ:vətɪv］
n. 防腐剂
例　Morticians use preservatives to keep bodies from decaying. 殡仪业者使用防腐剂避免遗体腐烂。

preserve
preserve　［prɪˈzɜːv］
vt. 保存，保护〈同 retain; save〉
例 Max eats only good things hoping to preserve his health. 马克斯只吃好东西，希望保持健康。
联 preservation n. 保存，贮藏；保护

preside
preside［prɪ'zaɪd］
vi. 主持；负责〈同 head〉
例　The manager presides over the business of this store. 经理主管这个店铺的业务。

presidency
presidency［'prezɪdənsi］
n. 总统职位；总统任期
例　The US presidency has a maximum of two terms for each President. 美国总统的任期是每位总统最多任两届。

press
press　［pres］
vt. 压，压榨〈同 squeeze out〉
例 Press all the juice from the oranges. 压出橘子里的所有果汁。
联 pressing adj. 紧迫的

press
press［pres］
v. ① 熨平 ② 挤压 n. 挤压
解　v. ① to make smooth ② to push with steady force n. the act of applying pressure
例　Martha pressed the doorbell when she arrived at her friend's house. 到达朋友家之后，马莎按下了门铃。

pressure
pressure［'preʃə(r)］
n. 压力；压迫〈同 stress, tension〉
例　He began to feel the pressure soon after he took the job. 他接受那份工作以后马上就感觉到了压力。

pressure
pressure［'preʃə(r)］
n. 压力
解　the continued action of a weight or force; a state of trouble or strain
例　There was a great deal of pressure on the students to get the highest possible grade on the national examination. 为了在这次全国性的考试中尽可能获得高分，学生们承受着巨大的压力。

prestige
prestige［pre'sti:ʒ］
n. 威望，声望〈同 fame〉
例　The wealthy man sought to obtain social prestige through contributions to popular charities. 那个富人力求通过为慈善事业做贡献来获得社会威望。

presume
presume［prɪ'zju:m; (US)prɪ'zu:m］
vt. 假定，假设，认为〈同 assume〉
例　Don't presume the results till you have all the facts. 不要推测结果，除非你知道了所有的事实真相。

presume
presume［prɪ'zju:m］
vt. ① 假定，推测 ② 擅自
解　① to take to be the case or to be true ② to venture without authority or permission; dare
例　The country's legal system presumed people were innocent until they were proven guilty. 这个国家的法律系统在人们被证明有罪之前会先假设其是清白的。
同　presumption n. 假定，推测；傲慢
构　pre (=before) + sum (=to take) + e

presumptuous
presumptuous［prɪ'zʌmptʃʊəs］
adj. 自大的，专横的，冒昧的
解　too bold or self-confident; assuming
例　She apologized for her presumptuous manner of speaking to the man once she realized he was the boss. 当她知道对方是老板之后，她为她傲慢的说话方式向他道了歉。
近　sumptuous adj. 奢侈的，华丽的；pompous adj. 浮夸的，夸大的；自大的；pomposity n. 华丽，夸耀

pretension
pretension［prɪ'ten∫ən］
n. 要求；自命；自称〈同　claim; assertion〉
例　His pretension that he was innocent did not fool any one. 他自称自己是无辜的，但这骗不了任何人。

pretentious
pretentious［prɪ'tenʃəs］
adj. 自负的，夸耀的；自抬身价的
解　making claims to excellence or importance
例　The pretentious artist claimed his paintings had made millions even when they had not earned him a single penny. 这位艺术家自抬身价，声称他的画作已经给他带来了数百万元的收入，而实际上它们没有为他赚来分文。
同　pretension n. 自命不凡；pretense n. 借口；虚假，自负
构　pre (=before) + tent (=to stretch) + ious

pretext
pretext［'pri:tekst］
n. 借口，托辞〈同 excuse, pretense〉
例　The United States often meddles in other countries' affairs using human rights as a pretext. 美国经常以人权为借口干涉别国事务。

prevail
prevail　［prɪˈveɪl］
vi. 流行，盛行；居主导地位〈同 dominate〉
例 Making resolutions on New Year's Day is a custom that still prevails. 在新年当天许下心愿是一种至今仍非常流行的习俗。
联 prevalent adj. 普遍的；流行的

prevailing
prevailing［prɪ'veɪlɪŋ］
adj. 流行的，盛行的〈同　widespread, predominant〉
例　One of the most prevailing problems facing our generation is environmental protection. 我们这一代所面临的最普遍的问题之一是环境保护。

prevalent
prevalent［'prevələnt］
adj. 普遍的；流行的〈同 common, prevailing〉
例　Colds and flu threaten to be unusually prevalent this winter. 似乎今年冬天得伤风和流感的人会更多。

previous
previous　［ˈpriːvɪəs］
adj. 在前的，早先的
例 Training is provided, so no previous experience is required for the job. 这份工作将提供培训，因此不需要之前有任何经验。
联 previously adv. 先前

prey
prey［preɪ］
n. 被掠食者，牺牲者；捕食〈同 victim〉
例　Mice and birds are the prey of cats. 老鼠和鸟是猫的猎物。
vi. 捕食，掠夺〈同 hunt〉
例　Hawks prey on small birds. 鹰捕食小鸟。

prick
prick［prɪk］
v. 刺，戳
例　I got pricked when I tried to pick the rose. 我试着摘玫瑰的时候被刺伤了。

primal
primal［'praɪməl］
adj. ①原始的，最初的〈同　primeval; initial〉
例　As animals, humans still have primal urges. 作为动物，人类依然有原始的冲动。
例　We've just had the primal necessities of life. 我们只有一些最基本的生活必需品。

primary
primary　［ˈpraɪməri］
adj. 第一位的，主要的〈同 principal, prime〉
例 A balanced diet is primary to good health. 均衡饮食对身体健康最重要。
联 primarily adv. 根本上

primary
primary［'praɪməri］
adj. ① 第一位的，主要的 ② 初步的，初级的
解　① first in importance; chief ② first in time or order; original; fundamental
例　Her primary motive in business was making money, not making friends. 他经商的首要动机是赚钱，而不是结交朋友。

primate
primate［'praɪmeɪt］
n. 灵长目动物
例　Primates have a relatively larger brain than other animals. 灵长类动物有比其他动物相对更大的大脑。

prime
prime　［praɪm］
adj. 主要的；最初的；最重要的〈同 principal〉
例 Prime wisdom is derived from experience. 最重要的智慧来源于经验。
n. 鼎盛时期〈同 peak〉
例 He is in the prime of his career at forty. 他四十岁时职业发展达到了顶峰。

primer
primer［'praɪmə(r)］
n. 启蒙读物，启蒙书，识字课本
解　an introductory textbook
例　The schoolteacher passed out the primer to the children on their first day of school. 在开学的第一天，老师把识字课本分发给学生。

primitive
primitive　［ˈprɪmətɪv］
adj. 上古的，原始的〈同 rudimentary〉
例 Anthropologists agree that our primitive ancestors who inhabited the tropics probably had natural protection against the sun. 人类学家同意，居住在热带的人类祖先可能有对抗太阳的天然防护能力。
记 prim（最早的）+ itive→原始的

primitive
primitive［'prɪmɪtɪv］
adj. ① 原始的，上古的 ② 简单的
解　① of or relating to the earliest or original stage or state; primeval ② characterized by simplicity or crudity; unsophisticated
例　Primitive human beings lived in caves. 原始人生活在山洞里。

primordial
primordial［praɪ'mɔ:dɪəl］
adj. 原始的，最初的〈同　primeval, primitive〉
例　All of us are interested in the primordial era before the appearance of life on Earth. 我们对于地球上出现生命之前的原始时期都非常感兴趣。

primordial
primordial［praɪ'mɔ:dɪəl］
adj. 最初的，原始的
解　in existence at or from the beginning; primeval
例　Left uncut by man, trees in the primordial forest grew to tremendous size. 这个原始森林里的树木没有被人们砍伐，都长成了参天大树。

principal
principal　［ˈprɪnsəpəl］
n. 负责人；首长；校长
例 Ms. Chen is the principal of our school. 陈女士是我们学校的校长。
adj. 主要的，首要的〈同 main〉
例 The moon, being much nearer to the earth than the sun, is the principal cause of the tides. 月亮比太阳距离地球更近，是引发潮汐的主要原因。

principle
principle　［ˈprɪnsəpəl］
n. 原则，原理〈同 law〉
例 I make it a principle to save some money each week. 我把每周存一些钱作为自己的一条原则。

printing
printing［'prɪntɪŋ］
n. 印刷
解　reproduction by applying ink to paper as for publication
例　Benjamin Franklin began his career in the printing of newspapers. 本杰明·富兰克林的第一份工作是印刷报纸。

prior
prior　［ˈpraɪə(r)］
adj. 优先的，在前的
例 They had to refuse the dinner invitation because of a prior engagement. 他们不得不拒绝晚餐邀请，因为他们之前已经另有约会。
adj. 在…之前的（to）〈同 before〉
例 He had shown no signs of being in pain prior to suffering a heart attack and collapsing. 他在突发心脏病和体力不支之前，没有表现出任何痛苦的迹象。

priority
priority［praɪ'ɒrɪti; (US)praɪ'ɔ:rɪti］
n. 优先，优先权〈同 preference〉
例　Being healthy is a top priority to everybody. 身体健康对每个人来说都是最重要的。

pristine
pristine［'prɪsti:n; 'prɪstaɪn］
adj. 原始的，未被破坏的〈同　unspoiled, pure〉
例　The pristine mountains of Alaska should be preserved forever. 阿拉斯加的天然山脉应该被永远保护起来。

privacy
privacy［'prɪvəsi］
n. 独处而不受干扰；隐私〈同 seclusion, secrecy〉
例　The new law is designed to protect people's privacy. 新法的目的是保护人们的隐私权。

privilege
privilege　［ˈprɪvəlɪʤ］
vt. 给予…特权，特免
例 I cannot privilege you to see your exam paper. 我不能给你查看试卷的特权。

probe
probe［prəʊb］
vi. 调查，查究〈同 detect, find out〉
例　A detective probes into the circumstances of murder. 侦探调查犯罪现场。

probity
probity［'prəʊbɪti］
n. 刚直，正直，诚实
解　virtue or integrity tested and confirmed; honesty
例　People did not question him because of his reputation for probity. 由于他以正直闻名，人们并没有质疑他。
同　improbity v. 不正直，不诚实

procedure
procedure　［prəˈsiːʤə(r)］
n. 程序，手续〈同 course〉
例 You can't just do it however you like—you must follow the procedure. 你不能随着自己的性子做事——你必须遵守流程。

proceed
proceed　［prəˈsiːd］
vi. 进行，继续下去〈同 continue〉
例 The tour group proceeded to the next site after a thirty-minute lunch break. 旅行团午餐时休息了30分钟后，继续前往下一个景点。
联 proceeds n. 收益；proceeding n. 行动；进行

process
process［'prəʊses; (US)'prɑ:ses］
n. 过程〈同 procedure〉
例　He is learning the process for baking bread. 他在学习烘焙面包的工序。
vt. 处理，加工〈同 treat〉
例　These materials are to be processed before they can be used. 这些材料在使用之前要经过加工。

proclaim
proclaim［prə'kleɪm］
vt. 声明，宣告〈同 declare, announce〉
例　The senator proclaimed that he would seek reelection. 参议员宣布他将参加连任竞选。

procure
procure［prə'kjʊə(r)］
v. （努力）取得，获得
解　to get by special effort
例　The man filed an application to procure a business license from the relevant authorities. 这位男士向相关部门申请营业执照。
构　pro (=before) + cur (=to take care) + e

prod
prod［prɒd］
vt. ①戳，刺〈同　poke〉
例　He prodded the cattle and made them go into a pen. 他戳了戳牛，把它们赶进牛圈。
例　Their boss prodded them to work harder. 他们的老板刺激他们更努力地工作。

prodigious
prodigious［prə'dɪʤəs］
adj. 巨大的，惊人的〈同　huge, amazing〉
例　The hi-tech project costs a prodigious amount of money. 这个高科技项目耗费了一笔巨额资金。

productive
productive［prə'dʌktɪv］
adj. 多产的，丰饶的；有成果的〈同 fruitful, having good results〉
例　Efforts t o resolve the dispute were very productive. 解决争议的努力很有成效。

profession
profession［prə'feʃən］
n. 职业；专业〈同 vocation〉
例　Now that he has quit his old job he must find a new profession. 既然他已经辞职了，他就必须重新找工作。

professional
professional　［prəˈfeʃənəl］
adj. 专业的，职业的
例 A lawyer or a doctor is a professional person. 律师或医生都是专业人士。
n. 专业人员〈同 specialist〉
例 It's the sort of ad that is intended to appeal to teachers, lawyers, doctors and other professionals. 这就是那类用来吸引教师、律师、医生和其他专业人员的广告。

proficient
proficient［prə'fɪʃənt］
adj. 熟练的，精通的〈同 skilled, expert〉
例　It takes a couple of years of regular driving before you become proficient at it. 你需要花几年的时间经常开车才能使驾驶技术变得熟练。

profile
profile［'prəʊfaɪl］
n. 剖面，侧面；轮廓；概况，传略〈同 outline, contour〉
例　This article depicts a profile of a famous painter. 这篇文章简要介绍了这位有名的画家。

profit
profit　［ˈprɒfɪt］
n. 利润，益处
例 The profits in this business are not large. 这家公司的利润不高。
vi. 得益；利用〈同 benefit〉
例 The football team profited from many hours of practice. 几个小时的练习让这支足球队获益匪浅。

profitable
profitable［'prɒfɪtəbəl］
adj. ① 有利润的，赚钱的〈同 lucrative〉
例　Computer programming can be a profitable profession. 电脑程序设计是一个挣钱的职业。
例　His volunteer work in the hospital was a profitable experience. 他在医院所做的志愿工作是一种有益的经验。

profound
profound［prə'faʊnd］
例　We should take the problem of pollution very seriously, because it may have a profound effect on the earth's atmosphere. 我们应该认真对待污染问题，因为它会对地球环境产生深远影响。
例　Less and less money is being put into scientific research projects. 投入到科研项目的资金越来越少。
例　Motion pictures are projected on the screen. 电影被投射在屏幕上。

profuse
profuse［prə'fju:s］
adj. 丰富的，大量的
解　produced or growing in extreme abundance
例　Pressure must be applied to a wound to stop profuse bleeding. 必须按压伤口，才能防止出血过多。
同　profusion n. 丰富，大量；浪费
构　pro (=forth) + fus (=to pour) + e

progressive
progressive［prə'gresɪv］
adj. 前进的；先进的〈同　advanced, cutting-edge〉
例　The progressive group of students wanted to start a revolution. 学生中的进步团体希望发动一场革命。

progressive
progressive［prə'ɡresɪv］
adj. ① 进步的 ② 循序渐进的
解　① making progress; advancing to something better; moving forward ② proceeding in steps; continuing steadily by increments
例　The national economy has seen progressive reform within the last few years. 在过去短短几年的时间里，国家经济发生了渐变式的变化。

prohibit
prohibit　［prəˈhɪbɪt; (US)prəʊˈhɪbɪt］
vt. 禁止〈同 ban, taboo〉
例 I prohibit you to call me late at night. 夜深了，你不许给我打电话。
联 prohibitive adj. 禁止的，抑制的；prohibitively adv. 令人望而生畏地；（价格）极高地；Prohibition n. 〈美〉禁酒时期

project
project
例 He was employed by the company to work on the King's Cross Housing project. 公司聘用他负责国王十字区住宅项目。
例 The images are projected onto the screen. 图像被投影在屏幕上。
联 projector n. 放映机；projection n. 发射；projectionist n. 〈美〉电影放映员，幻灯片放映员

proliferate
proliferate［prə'lɪfəreɪt; (US)prəʊ-］
vi. 激增；繁殖〈同　multiply; propagate〉
例　We had seen only a couple insects, but after a week, the sight of hundreds of insects made it clear that they proliferated at an unbelievable rate. 我们只看到了一两只昆虫，但一周之后，数百只虫子的出现则明确说明，它们在以令人难以置信的速度进行繁殖。

prolific
prolific［prə'lɪfɪk］
adj. 多产的，多结果的〈同　productive, fruitful〉
例　That prolific author has written more than a hundred books. 那位多产的作家已经写了100多本书。

prolong
prolong［prə'lɒŋ; (US)prəʊ'lɔ:ŋ］
vt. 拖长，延长〈同 extend, lengthen〉
例　She prolonged her visit for another day due to the rain. 由于下雨，她将行程延长了一天。

prominent
prominent　［ˈprɒmɪnənt］
adj. 杰出的，突出的〈同 distinguished〉
例 Their talent for locating oil deposits made them prominent geologists in the corporation. 定位油田的才能使他们成为公司里杰出的地质学家。
联 prominence n. 显著，突出

prominent
prominent［'prɒmɪnənt］
adj. 卓越的，显著的，杰出的
解　conspicuous in position or importance
例　The prominent leaders met to discuss peace negotiations between the two countries. 两国的主要领导人会面就和平问题进行谈判。
同　prominence n. 突出，显著
构　pro (=forth) + min (=to project) + ent

promise
promise　［ˈprɒmɪs］
n./vt. 允诺，答应
例 You can count on her to keep her promise. 你可以相信她，她一定会信守诺言。
联 promising adj. 有希望的，有前途的

promising
promising［'prɒmɪsɪŋ］
adj. 有前途的，有希望的〈同 encouraging, hopeful〉
例　The young pianist has a great deal of talent and is very promising. 这位年轻的钢琴家很有天分，也很有前途。

promote
promote　［prəˈməʊt］
vt. 晋级，使升级；促进〈同 elevate; advance〉
例 Many nations promote tourism to lure foreign currency. 许多国家通过推动旅游业来吸引外汇。
联 promoter n. 促进者；promotion n. 促进，提升

promote
promote［prə'məʊt］
v. ① 提升 ② 促进
解　① to raise to a more important or responsible job or rank ② to contribute to the progress or growth of
例　After doubling company sales, she was promoted to regional sales director. 在使公司销售业绩翻了一番之后，她被提升为区域销售经理。
同　promotion n. 促进

prompt
prompt　［prɒmpt］
vt. 鼓动，促进〈同 motivate〉
例 She prompted me to call my relatives. 她鼓励我给亲人打电话。
adj. 迅速的；按时的〈同 instant; punctual〉
例 When David came late, the boss warned that he must be prompt. 戴维上班迟到了，于是老板警告他必须准时上班。
联 promptly adv. 迅速地，立刻地

prone
prone［prəʊn］
adj. 易于…的；倾向于…的〈同 likely, inclined〉
例　He is a child prone to mischief. 他是一个爱搞恶作剧的小孩。

pronounce
pronounce［prə'naʊns］
v. ① 发音 ② 宣告，断言
解　① to make the sounds of; speak ② to declare solemnly or positively
例　People from the north and the south pronounce some words differently. 北方人和南方人对有些单词的发音不同。
同　pronouncement n. 公告；pronunciation n. 发音

pronounced
pronounced［prə'naʊnst］
adj. 显著的，明确的〈同　clear, distinct〉
例　The buildup of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere appears to be causing pronounced climatic changes all over the world. 大气中二氧化碳的积累似乎正在给全世界造成显著的气候变化。

pronounced
pronounced［prə'naʊnst］
adj. 明显的
解　strongly marked; emphatic; decided
例　You could tell when Pinocchio was lying because of the pronounced growth of his nose. 匹诺曹说谎的时候你能看出来，因为他的鼻子明显地变长了。

proof
proof　［pruːf］
n. 证据〈同 evidence〉
例 Keep your receipt as proof of purchase. 保留好你的收据，作为购物的凭证。

propagate
propagate［'prɒpəgeɪt］
vt. ① 繁殖〈同 raise, reproduce〉
例　Many plants propagate themselves using the wind to carry their seeds. 许多植物通过风来传播自己的种子。
例　In a free society it is intrinsic that individuals and groups have the inherent right to propagate ideas and try to win converts. 在自由社会，个人和团体都有权传播教义和争取信徒。

propel
propel［prə'pel］
vt. 推进，促进〈同 push〉
例　The rocket was propelled into space from the launching point. 火箭在发射点发射升空。

propensity
propensity［prə'pensəti］
n. 倾向，癖好〈同　inclination, tendency〉
例　Your propensity for spending more than you can afford will lead to only one result: bankruptcy! 你的开支总是超出自己能承担的范围，这个习惯只会带来一种后果：破产！

proper
proper［'prɒpə(r)］
adj. 恰当的，得体的〈同 right, appropriate〉
例　There is a proper technique for using chopsticks. 使用筷子有独特的技巧。

proper
proper［'prɒpə(r)］
adj. 恰当的
解　marked by suitability or rightness or appropriateness
例　The prissy girl did everything in a very proper fashion. 这个谨小慎微的女孩所做的每件事都很得体。
同　improper adj. 不合适的

property
property　［ˈprɒpəti］
n. ① 财产，所有物〈同 asset〉
例 He owns some extremely valuable properties. 他拥有一些价值极高的财产。
例 One of the properties of copper is that it conducts heat and electricity very well. 铜的属性之一是，它具有很好的导热和导电性。

prophet
prophet［'prɒfɪt］
n. 先知；预言者，提倡者〈同 predictor〉
例　The prophet is Mohammed, the man who made Islam known to the world through the Koran. 先知穆罕默德通过《古兰经》使伊斯兰教为世界所知。

proponent
proponent［prə'pəʊnənt］
n. 支持者，拥护者〈同　advocate, supporter〉
例　When I learned how the air and water were being polluted, I became a strong proponent of ecological reforms. 在得知空气和水是如何被污染的之后，我变成了一个坚定的生态革命支持者。

proportion
proportion　［prəˈpɔːʃən］
n. 比例，比率〈同 percentage〉
例 A great proportion of Janet's MBA classmates will work on Wall Street. 珍妮特读MBA的同班同学，将来大部分都会在华尔街工作。
联 proportionate adj. 成比例的；disproportionate adj. 不成比例的

propose
propose　［prəˈpəʊz］
vt. 提出，提议〈同 advance〉
例 The governor is going to propose new taxes. 州长将提议增加新税种。
联 proposal n. 提案；建议

proposition
proposition［ˌprɒpə'zɪʃən］
n. 提议，主张〈同 offer, suggestion〉
例　The manager presented a proposition to buy several smaller businesses. 经理提议并购几个小公司。

proprietor
proprietor［prə'praɪətə(r)］
n. 所有者，业主〈同　owner〉
例　The proprietor was also the manager of the store. 业主同时也是店铺的经理。

propriety
propriety［prə'praɪəti］
n. ① （常用作复）礼节，礼貌 ② 适当
解　① the usages and customs of polite society ② the quality of proper; appropriateness
例　Generally speaking, British society has a greater sense of proprieties than American society. 总体来说，英国社会比美国社会更注重礼节。
同　impropriety n. 不得体，不正当（的行为）

propulsion
propulsion［prə'pʌl∫ən］
n. 推进，推进力〈同　push, thrust〉
例　A glider is a type of aircraft resembling an airplane but often having no means of propulsion at all. 滑翔机是与飞机类似的一种飞行器，但通常没有任何驱动方式。

prosecute
prosecute［'prɒsɪkju:t］
vt. 对…起诉；告发〈同　sue, indict〉
例　The district attorney refused to prosecute the case because of a lack of evidence. 由于缺乏证据，地方检察官拒绝审理这个案子。

prosecute
prosecute［'prɒsɪkju:t］
v. 告发，检举
解　to bring a criminal action against (in a trial); to sue
例　The district attorney plans to prosecute her for burglary. 地方检察官准备以入室行窃罪起诉她。
同　prosecution n. 起诉，控告
构　pro (=before) + secut (=to follow) + e

prospect
prospect　［prəˈspekt; (US)ˈprɒspekt］
n. 前景，期望〈同 hope〉
例 With not much prospect of settling the dispute, the talks were halted. 由于解决争端无望，谈话陷入停顿。
vt. 勘探，采矿〈同 explore〉
例 He spends the summers prospecting in the mountains. 他每年夏天都在山中勘探。
记 pro（向前，在前）+ spect（看)→向前看→前景
联 prospecting n. 探矿；prospector n. 探勘者，采矿者；prospective adj. 预期的，未来的

prospective
prospective［prə'spektɪv］
adj. 预期的〈同 future, expected〉
例　Margaret was not sure whether to marry her prospective husband or not. 玛格丽特不确定是否要嫁给她未来的丈夫。

prosper
prosper［'prɒspə(r)］
vi. 繁荣，成功
例　Their business began to prosper when they moved to their new location. 他们搬到新址以后，生意变得红火了。

prosperity
prosperity　［prɒˈsperəti］
n. 兴旺，繁荣〈同 fortune〉
例 The war was followed by a long period of peace and prosperity. 战争过后，是很长一段时期的和平与繁荣。
记 pro（很多）+ sper（希望）+ ity→有很多希望→兴旺，繁荣
联 prosperous adj. 繁荣的

protagonist
protagonist［prəʊ'tægənɪst］
n.（戏剧、故事、小说中的）主角
例　The protagonist of the story was a man called Hercules. 故事的主角是一个名为赫拉克勒斯的男人。

protagonist
protagonist［prəʊ'tæɡənɪst］
n. ① 提倡者，支持者 ② （戏剧、故事、小说中的）主角
解　① a proponent; an advocate ② the main character in a drama or other literary work
例　The politician had a group of loyal protagonists help promote his campaign for reelection. 这名政治家有一群忠实的拥护者来帮助他进行连任竞选活动。

protest
protest　［ˈprəʊtest］
n./v. 抗议〈同 objection; complain against〉
例 Conservation groups have united in protest against the planned new road. 保护组织联合起来，反对新公路的规划。

prototype
prototype［'prəʊtətaɪp］
n. 原型〈同 model, archetype〉
例　She was the prototype for the character in his novel. 她是他这本小说中人物的原型。

prove
prove［pru:v］
v. 证明
解　to provide evidence for
例　Scientists have not released any information proving aliens have visited our planet. 科学家还没有发布过任何可以证明外星人曾造访过地球的消息。
近　proof n. 证据；disproof n. 反驳，反证；reproof n. 责备；waterproof adj. 防水的；foolproof adj. 万无一失的，错不了的；容易懂的

provided
provided　［prəˈvaɪdɪd］
conj. 倘若〈同 on the condition that〉
例 I will go provided my friends can also go. 我会去的，但前提是我的朋友们也能去。

provision
provision　［prəˈvɪʒən］
n. ① 供应；供应品〈同 supply〉
例 The hunter bought provisions for the winter. 猎人采购过冬用品。
例 A provision of the lease is that the rent must be paid promptly. 租约的一条条款规定，租金必须按时支付。

provoke
provoke［prə'vəʊk］
vt. 激怒；惹起〈同 irritate, cause〉
例　He provoked her with his endless complaining. 他无休止的抱怨终于激怒了她。

proximity
proximity［prɒk'sɪmɪti］
n. 接近〈同 closeness〉
例　The house is in close proximity to the shops and the station, so its rent is quite high. 房子离商店和车站非常近，所以房租很高。

prudent
prudent［'pru:dənt］
adj. 审慎的，深谋远虑的〈同　wary, cautious〉
例　It would be prudent to think carefully before you choose which stocks to buy. 在选择买进哪支股票之前进行周密思考，这才是明智的做法。

pseudonym
pseudonym［'sju:dənɪm］
n. 假名，笔名
解　a fictitious name used when a person performs a particular social role
例　Many famous authors have pseudonyms so their real identity will not be directly associated with their books. 许多著名的作家都使用笔名，这样他们的真实身份就不会和其所著书籍有直接联系。

psychology
psychology　［saɪˈkɒləʤi］
n. 心理学；心理
例 Mental illness is only one part of psychology. 精神疾病只是心理学的一部分。
联 psychological adj. 心理（上）的；psychologist n. 心理学者

publicity
publicity［pʌb'lɪsɪti］
n. 公开，宣传〈同 advertisement〉
例　Bad publicity hurts the mayor's chances for reelection. 负面报道影响了市长获得连任的机会。

publicize
publicize［'pʌblɪsaɪz］
vt.（公开）宣传，宣扬〈同　broadcast, announce〉
例　The newspaper publicized the sports event on the front page. 报纸在头版报道了体育赛事。

puddle
puddle［'pʌdəl］
n. 小水洼
例　The car accidentally drove through the puddle and splashed dirty water on the pedestrian. 那辆车意外地开进了水坑，把脏水溅到了行人身上。

pueblo
pueblo［pʊ'ebləʊ］
n. 印第安人村庄
例　The tourists went to visit the pueblos in New Mexico and Arizona. 游客们前往新墨西哥和亚利桑那参观印第安人村庄。

puerile
puerile［'pjʊəraɪl; (US)-rəl］
adj. ① 幼稚的 ② 儿童的
解　① immature; childish ② belonging to childhood; juvenile
例　Her puerile jokes made her seem like a little girl. 她的笑话很幼稚，让她看起来像个小女孩。

pulp
pulp［pʌlp］
n. 果肉〈同　fruit flesh〉
例　He liked to drink freshly-squeezed orange juice with the pulp. 他喜欢喝用果肉新鲜榨取的橙汁。

pulse
pulse［pʌls］
n. 脉搏，脉冲
例　The doctor determined his blood pressure by feeling his pulse. 医生通过把脉确定了他的血压。

pump
pump　［ˈpʌmp］
n. 泵
例 As the handle is pushed down, the pump moves upward pulling water up through the valve. 推下手柄后，水泵上升，通过阀门将水抽上来。
vt.（用泵）抽（水），抽吸〈同 draw〉
例 She pumped water from the barrel. 她从桶里抽水。

punch
punch［pʌntʃ］
vt. ①重击〈同　blow, knock〉
例　Plains Indians punched their drums while dancing. 大草原印第安人一边敲鼓，一边跳舞。
例　Workers have to punch holes in the mountain to get the road through. 为了贯通公路，工人们不得不在山上打洞。

punctual
punctual　［ˈpʌŋktjʊəl］
adj. 按时的，准时的〈同 prompt〉
例 She is punctual to the minute. 她非常准时。
记 punct（点）+ ual→按点到的→按时的，准时的
联 punctuality n. 守时

puncture
puncture［'pʌŋktʃə(r)］
vt. 刺穿，戳破〈同　prick〉
例　The front tire was punctured on the road covered with sharp-edged stones. 路上满是锋利的石头，结果汽车前轮胎被扎破了。

pungent
pungent［'pʌnʤənt］
adj.（指气味、 味道）刺激性的，辛辣的；尖锐的〈同　sharp, acrid, harsh〉
例　Both the meal and the conversation were pungent. 不论是饭菜还是谈话都非常刺激。

purchase
purchase　［ˈpɜːtʃəs］
n./vt. 买，购买〈同 buy〉
例 To be eligible for the lower fare, you must purchase your tickets 21 days in advance. 要想有资格获得更低的票价，你必须提前21天买票。

pure
pure［pjʊə(r)］
adj. 纯的；纯净的
解　free of extraneous elements of any kind; not mixed
例　The statue of the businessman was made of pure iron. 这位商人的塑像是用纯铁铸造而成的。

purebred
purebred［'pjʊəbred］
adj. （动物）纯种的 n. 纯种的动物
解　adj. of pure breed or stock n. an animal descended from one breed with no mixture of other breeds
例　Purebred horses are much more expensive than mixed breeds. 纯种马比杂交马的价格昂贵得多。

purify
purify［'pjʊərɪfaɪ］
vt. 提纯，精练〈同 refine, clean〉
例　Stream water should always be purified before drinking. 溪水在饮用之前要净化。

purify
purify［'pjʊərɪfaɪ］
v. 净化，提纯
解　to remove impurities from
例　Filters are used to purify water. 过滤器被用来净化水质。
同　purification n. 提纯，纯化

purist
purist［'pjʊərɪst］
n. （语法、用字上）主张保存正统的人，力求纯化的人
解　a person who is very careful or too careful about purity in language
例　A purist dislikes slang and all expressions that are not formally correct. 纯粹主义者不喜欢俚语和一切在正式语言中不正确的表达。

purity
purity［'pjʊərəti］
n. 纯净，纯度
解　the quality or state of being pure
例　The environmentalists tested the purity of the drinking water. 环保主义者检测了饮用水的纯净度。
同　impurity n. 杂质

purple
purple　［ˈpɜːpəl］
n./adj. 紫色（的）
例 The early morning sun cast deep purple shadows. 清晨初升的太阳投射出深紫色的阴影。

pursue
pursue　［pəˈsjuː; (US)pəˈsuː］
v. ① 追赶，追捕〈同 chase〉
例 The thief was pursued by the policeman. 小偷后面有警察在追赶。
例 Janet pursued her studies even after her marriage. 珍妮特即使在结婚之后也坚持继续深造。
记 pur（向前）+ sue（求)→追求；追赶
联 pursuer n. 追捕者

pursuit
pursuit［pə'sju:t;(US)pə'su:t］
n. ① 追求；职业〈同 profession〉
例　Fishing is her favorite pursuit; reading is mine. 钓鱼是她最喜欢的消遣，阅读是我最喜欢的。
例　Three people have been killed in high-speed pursuits by the police recently. 最近有三个人在警察的高速追击中死亡。

pusillanimous
pusillanimous［ˌpju:sɪ'lænɪməs］
adj. 懦弱的，胆小的
解　cowardly; fainthearted
例　The pusillanimous elephant ran away at the sight of the mouse. 胆小的大象一看见老鼠就跑掉了。
同　pusillanimity n. 胆小，胆怯

pusillanimous
pusillanimous［ˌpju:sɪ'lænɪməs］
adj. 懦弱的，胆小的
解　lacking in courage and manly strength and resolution
例　You should be ashamed of your pusillanimous conduct during this dispute. 你应该为你在这场争论中表现出的懦弱行为感到羞耻。

puzzle
puzzle　［ˈpʌzəl］
n. 难题；谜〈同 enigma〉
例 How to get all my things into one trunk is a puzzle. 如何把我所有的东西全放进一个行李箱里，这是一个难题。
联 puzzling adj. 令人迷惑的

quail
quail［kweɪl］
n. 鹌鹑
例　They went hunting quail with dogs and shotguns. 他们牵着狗，拿着猎枪，去猎鹌鹑。
vi. 畏惧，颤抖〈同　wince, quiver〉
例　He was afraid that he would quail in the face of danger. 他担心自己面临危险时会退缩。

quaint
quaint［kweɪnt］
adj. 奇怪的，离奇有趣的〈同　strange, unusual〉
例　That mountain village is known for its quaint shops and boutiques. 那个山村以其古朴的商店和专卖流行衣服的小商店而出名。

qualification
qualification［ˌkwɒlɪfɪ'keɪʃən］
n. 资格，条件〈同 prerequisite〉
例　You're wasting your time applying for that job, because you lack the proper qualifications. 你申请这份工作是在浪费时间，因为你没有从业资格。

qualified
qualified　［ˈkwɒlɪfaɪd］
adj. 合格的〈同 competent〉
例 A qualified airplane pilot must have good eyesight and hold a license to fly. 一位合格的飞机驾驶员必须有良好的视力，并持有飞行执照。
联 qualification n. 资格，条件

quality
quality　［ˈkwɒləti］
n. 质量；品质，性质〈同 characteristic〉
例 Look for quality rather than quantity. 要注重质量，而不是数量。

quantify
quantify［'kwɒntɪfaɪ］
vt. 量化，确定数量
例　It's difficult to quantify how many people will be affected by the change in the law. 法律修改以后，很难计算出有多少人会受到影响。

quarry
quarry［'kwɒri; (US)'kwɔ:ri］
n. 采石场，露天矿厂
例　Magnificent marble is excavated from underground quarries. 华丽的大理石是从地下采石场开采出来的。

quarter
quarter　［ˈkwɔːtə(r)］
n. 四分之一〈同 fourth〉
例 A quarter of a century is 25 years. 一个世纪的四分之一是25年。
联 quarterly adv. 每季地；一年四次地

quarterly
quarterly［'kwɔ:təli］
adv. 每季地
例　I pay my insurance premiums quarterly. 我的保险费是季付的。

queer
queer［kwɪə(r)］
adj. 奇怪的，古怪的〈同 strange, unusual〉
例　Her behavior was so queer everyone wondered what was wrong. 她的行为举止很奇怪，每个人都想知道发生了什么事。

quench
quench［kwentʃ］
vt. ① 熄灭〈同 extinguish, put out〉
例　Water quenched the fire. 水浇灭了火。
例　It takes more than a soda to quench my thirst on hot days. 在大热天，一瓶碳酸饮料无法让我解渴。

querulous
querulous［'kwerʊləs］
adj. 抱怨的，多牢骚的
解　habitually complaining
例　His classmates were repelled by his querulous and complaining statements. 他总是抱怨和发牢骚，他的同学都感到厌烦。

query
query［'kwɪəri］
n. 质问，询问
解　an instance of questioning
例　The lecturer asked the audience to save their queries until he finished speaking. 演讲者要求听众在他讲完之后再提问。

quest
quest［kwest］
n. 寻找，探索〈同 search, expedition〉
例　The New York University research team is collaborating with the Department of Health in its quest for a cure for arthritis. 纽约大学的研究团队正和卫生部合作，一起探寻治疗关节炎的方法。

questionable
questionable［'kwestʃənəbəl］
adj. ① 不确定的〈同 unsure, uncertain〉
例　It's still questionable as to whether or not I'll have the report done on time. 我能否按时完成报告还是一个问题。
例　I don't trust him. His motives are questionable. 我不相信他。他的动机有问题。

questionable
questionable［'kwestʃənəbəl］
adj. 可疑的
解　not certain
例　The embassy refused to give him a visa because his intentions to study there were questionable. 该国大使馆拒绝给他签证，因为他想去那个国家学习的意图比较可疑。

questionnaire
questionnaire［ˌkwestʃə'neə(r)］
n. 调查表，问卷
例　A questionnaire is a written or printed list of questions used to gather information, to obtain a sampling of opinions. 调查问卷是指手写或者打印的问题清单，用于收集信息或一些意见的样本。

questionnaire
questionnaire［ˌkwestʃə'neə(r)］
n. 调查表，问卷
解　a form containing a set of questions, submitted to people to gain statistical information
例　The students handed out questionnaires on the street in order to get a random pooling of people for their survey on social issues. 学生们在街上发放调查问卷，以便得到随机的人群来进行关于社会问题的调查。

queue
queue［kju:］
n. 长队，长列〈同 procession〉
例　If you want tickets you'll have to join the queue at the ticket office. 如果你想买票，那么你必须在售票处排队。

quiescent
quiescent［kwaɪ'esənt］
adj. 静止的，寂静的〈同　motionless, tranquil〉
例　The doctor had no trouble injecting the quiescent baby. 医生给这个安静的孩子打针毫不费力。

quietude
quietude［'kwaɪətju:d］
n. 平静，寂静
解　a state of peace and quiet
例　During the weekend people from the city like to escape to the quietude of the country to relax. 在周末，城市里的人们喜欢逃离到寂静的乡村去放松身心。
近　platitude n. 陈词滥调；plenitude n. 丰富，大量；完全；solicitude n. 热心，关心

quilt
quilt［kwɪlt］
n. 棉被
例　Since her home had no heating, she used two quilts to keep warm in her bed. 由于她家里没有暖气，所以她在床上盖了两床被子给自己保暖。
vt. 制成棉被
例　Her grandmother quilted the fabric as a gift for her wedding. 她奶奶用那块布缝了被子，作为她的结婚礼物。

quit
quit　［kwɪt］
vt. 离开，放弃；辞职〈同 stop doing; resign〉
例 Would you quit your job if you inherited lots of money? 如果你继承了一大笔钱，你会辞掉工作吗？

quiver
quiver［'kwɪvə(r)］
n./v.（使）颤抖〈同 shake, tremble〉
例　The dog quivered with fear when strangers came to the house. 一看见陌生人往家这边走来，狗就害怕得发抖。

quota
quota［'kwəʊtə］
n. 配额；定量，定额〈同　share, ration〉
例　There was a quota placed on the number of people who could migrate from China. 对从中国移民的人数有一定的限额。

quote
quote　［kwəʊt］
v. ① 引用，引证〈同 cite〉
例 Our teacher often quotes Shakespeare in class. 我们的老师经常在讲课时引用莎士比亚的作品。
例 The architect has quoted ￡3,000,000 to build a mansion. 这位建筑师建一栋大厦的报价是300万英镑。

race
race　［reɪs］
n. ① 种族〈同 ethnic group〉
例 Discrimination on grounds of race should not be allowed. 基于种族方面的歧视应该被禁止。
例 The Oxford and Cambridge boat race takes place on the River Thames every year. 牛津与剑桥的划船比赛每年都在泰晤士河上举行。

rack
rack　［ræk］
n. 搁物架〈同 shelf〉
例 Racks of clothing at the store were emptied during the Christmas sale. 在圣诞节大减价期间，这家商店里一货架一货架的衣服都被抢购一空。
vt. 使痛苦〈同 cause pain〉
例 As soon as he returned from the playing field, his whole body was racked with pain. 他刚从赛场回来，整个身体就开始感到疼痛。

radiant
radiant［'reɪdɪənt］
adj.（向四面八方）发光的；容光焕发的；喜形于色的〈同 ablaze, brilliant, delighted〉
例　In autumn, the mountains surrounding Beijing are radiant with shades of red, yellow and orange. 在秋天，北京周围的山笼罩着红色、黄色和橘色。

radiate
radiate［'reɪdɪeɪt］
v. 发光；放射；辐射〈同 spread out, effuse〉
例　The sun radiates light and heat. 太阳释放出光和热。

radical
radical［'rædɪkəl］
adj. 根本的；激进的〈同 thorough or complete, drastic〉
例　The American Revolution was not a radical one, but a gradual evolution. 美国独立战争不是一场激进的、彻底的革命，而是一种渐进的发展演变。

radioactive
radioactive　［ˌreɪdɪəʊˈæktɪv］
adj. 放射性的；有辐射能的
例 Radium, uranium, and thorium are radioactive metallic elements. 镭、铀和钍都属于放射性金属元素。

radioactive
radioactive［ˌreɪdɪəʊ'æktɪv］
adj. 放射性的，辐射性的
解　of or exhibiting radioactivity
例　Radium, uranium, and thorium are radioactive metallic elements. 镭、铀和钍都属于放射性金属元素。

radius
radius　［ˈreɪdɪəs］
n. 半径；范围
例 The explosion was heard within a radius of four miles. 在四英里的范围内都能听到这个爆炸声。

raft
raft［rɑ:ft; (US)ræft］
n. 筏，救生艇
例　We used a raft to cross the river because it was too dangerous to swim. 我们用筏子渡河，因为游泳过河太危险了。

rage
rage［reɪʤ］
n. ① 时尚，风靡一时的事物〈同 fashion, vogue〉
例　By the 1930's, jazz music was the rage. 到20世纪30年代，爵士乐风靡一时。
例　I was frightened because I had never seen him in such a rage before. 我从来都没有看到他这么愤怒过，这让我很害怕。

ragged
ragged［'rægɪd］
adj. 褴褛的，破烂的〈同　torn, worn〉
例　The dress became ragged after the dogs played with it. 小狗们拿那条裙子玩，结果那条裙子变得破烂不堪。

ragtime
ragtime［'rægtaɪm］
n. 拉格泰姆音乐（或舞蹈）（一种源于美国黑人音乐的早期爵士乐）
例　Ragtime is a style of jazz music notable for its rhythm and melody. 拉格泰姆音乐是爵士乐的一种，以其节奏和旋律而著名。

raid
raid［reɪd］
n. 袭击〈同 invasion, attack〉
例　Thousands were killed in the air raids on London. 伦敦遭到空袭，数千人死亡。

rail
rail　［reɪl］
n. 轨道；铁路
例 Rail passengers are complaining about the recent increase in rail fares. 铁路乘客在抱怨最近铁路票价上涨的事。
v. 责备；抱怨〈同 complain〉
例 He railed against the injustices of the system. 他抱怨体制的不公。
联 railroad n. 铁路；rail-motor adj. 铁路公路联运的；railbus n. 有轨（公共）汽车；railcar n. 铁路车；有轨车

rainfall
rainfall［'reɪnfɔ:l］
n. 降雨；降雨量
例　The constant rainfall created flooding in many parts of the city. 持续降雨在那座城市的许多地方造成了洪水。

raise
raise　［reɪz］
vt. ① 举起；增长〈同 lift up〉
例 Children in school raise their hands to answer a question. 在学校里，孩子们举手回答问题。
例 She was raised by her aunt in London. 她是由姑姑在伦敦养大的。
例 I raised a loan for my sister's wedding. 我为姐姐的婚礼借了一笔钱。

rally
rally［'ræli］
v. 召集，集合；恢复〈同 unite, combine〉
例　We rallied together to save our leader from prison. 我们团结起来，把首领从监狱里救出来。

rampant
rampant［'ræmpənt］
adj. 蔓生的，猖獗的〈同　uncontrolled, unruly〉
例　The rampant weeds in the garden killed all the flowers which had been planted in the spring. 花园内猖獗的杂草害死了所有春天种下的花。

rancher
rancher［'rɑ:ntʃə(r); 'ræn-］
n. 大农场经营者；牧场工人
例　The rancher raised horses for a living. 那位牧场主以养马为生。

random
random［'rændəm］
adj. 任意的，随便的〈同 haphazard〉
例　The police were stopping cars at random and checking their brakes. 警察随机拦下汽车，检查其刹车是否有问题。

range
range　［reɪnʤ］
n. 行列；范围〈同 limit〉
例 The temperature range was between eight and twelve degrees. 温度范围在8度至12度之间。

rare
rare　［rɛə(r)］
adj. 稀有的〈同 scarce〉
例 Many gardeners have become interested in the propagation of rare seeds, in order to keep old strains from disappearing. 为了避免古老植物品种的消失，许多园艺师开始对稀有种子的繁殖感兴趣。
联 rarefy vt. 使稀少，使稀薄；vi. 变得稀少；rarely adv. 很少地，罕有地

rather
rather　［ˈrɑːðə; (US)ˈræðər］
adv. ① 宁愿，宁可〈同 more readily〉
例 I would rather go today than tomorrow. 我更愿意今天去而不是明天去。
例 The dress was rather more expensive than I was expecting it would be, so I didn't buy it. 那条裙子的价格比我预期的高多了，所以我没买。

ratify
ratify［'rætɪfaɪ］
vt. 批准〈同　endorse, approve〉
例　All parties ratified the peace treaty. 各方均批准了和平条约。

ratio
ratio　［ˈreɪʃɪəʊ］
n. 比，比率
例 The ratio of 10 to 3 is written as 10:3. 10比3，写出来就是10:3。

ration
ration［'ræ∫ən］
n. 定量，配给量〈同　allotment, allowance〉
例　Virtually every Iraqi family receives a food ration, but it's hardly enough and malnutrition is spreading. 几乎每一个伊拉克家庭都得到了食物配给，但这根本不够，营养不良正在人群中蔓延。
vt. 定量配给〈同　allot, distribute〉
例　He only had one bottle of water for the next two days, so he had to ration it to a sip every couple of hours. 未来两天，他只有两瓶水，所以他不得不每几个小时定量喝一小口。

rational
rational　［ˈræʃənəl］
adj. 理性的；合理的〈同 logical〉
例 It isn't rational to walk barefoot in the snow. 光着脚在雪中走是不理性的。
记 ration（理性）+ al→理性的；合理的
联 rationale n. 基本原理；rationality n. 合理性；rationalize v.（使）合理化

rattle
rattle［'rætəl］
n. 拨浪鼓；格格声
例　The baby enjoyed making sounds with the rattle. 那个婴儿喜欢用拨浪鼓弄出声音。

raucous
raucous［'rɔ:kəs］
adj. 沙哑的；喧嚣的〈同　loud, boisterous〉
例　We went to a raucous party last night and were exhausted when we went back home. 我们昨晚去参加了一场喧嚣嘈杂的聚会，回到家的时候已经筋疲力尽了。

ravine
ravine［rə'vi:n］
n. 沟壑，峡谷〈同　gorge〉
例　The ravine's current was too dangerous to swim in. 这条溪谷的水流太危险了，不适合游泳。

raw
raw　［rɔː］
adj. 生的，未加工的〈同 uncooked〉
例 Raw milk has not been pasteurized. 生鲜牛奶没有经过巴氏灭菌。

ray
ray［reɪ］
n. 光线〈同 beam, light〉
例　A ray of light came in through the hole in the wall. 一缕光从墙洞里穿过。

raze
raze［reɪz］
vt. 夷为平地〈同　demolish, topple〉
例　The violent hurricane razed much of the coastal city. 强烈的飓风把这个滨海城市的大部分地区夷为平地。

razor
razor［'reɪzə(r)］
n. 剃刀
例　He used a razor to shave every morning. 他每天早上都用刮胡刀刮胡子。

react
react　［riːˈækt］
v.（使）起反应，（使）起作用〈同 take effect〉
例 Many people react badly to penicillin. 许多人注射青霉素会有不良反应。
联 reaction n. 反应；反作用

reactant
reactant［ri:'æktənt］
n. 反应剂，反应物
解　a chemical substance that is present at the start of a chemical reaction
例　The chemistry student added the reactant into the liquid to start the experiment. 学化学的学生把反应剂加入液体里，开始了实验。
同　react v. 反应；reaction n. 反应

reactionary
reactionary［ri: 'ækʃənəri］
n. 反动分子，保守分子 adj. 保守的，反动的
解　n. an opponent of progress or liberalism
adj. extremely conservative
例　The reactionaries colluded in a conspiracy to prevent the liberal candidate from being elected president. 反动分子串通一气，阴谋阻止自由党候选人被选为总统。

readily
readily［'redɪli］
adv. 容易地；欣然地，乐意地〈同 easily, willingly〉
例　These snakes can be readily identified. 这些蛇一眼就能辨别出来。

realistic
realistic［ˌrɪə'lɪstɪk］
adj. 现实（主义 ）的〈同 pragmatic〉
例　Set realistic goals and work hard to achieve them. 设定几个现实的目标，再努力去实现它们。

realization
realization［ˌrɪəlaɪ'zeɪʃən］
n. 实现；意识〈同 fulfillment, awareness〉
例　He finally bought his own house. That was the realization of his dream. 他终于买了一套属于自己的房子，这让他梦想成真。

realm
realm　［relm］
n. 王国；领域〈同 kingdom〉
例 Lu Xun is well-known worldwide in the realm of literature. 鲁迅在文学界全球知名。

reap
reap［ri:p］
vt. 收割，收获；获得〈同 harvest, gain〉
例　Farmers sow in the spring and reap in the fall. 农民在春天播种，秋天收割。

rear
rear　［rɪə(r)］
vt. 培养，饲养〈同 raise〉
例 The mother swallow reared her children until they could fly on their own. 燕子妈妈会一直抚养孩子，直到它们能够独立飞行。
n. 后面〈同 back〉
例 The rear of the bus is the most uncomfortable part. 公交车后排座位是最不舒服的地方。

reasonable
reasonable　［ˈriːzənəbəl］
adj. 合理的；讲道理的，通情达理的〈同 sensible〉
例 If you tell him what happened I'm sure he'll understand—he's a reasonable man. 如果你告诉他发生了什么，我敢肯定他会理解的——他是个通情达理的人。

rebel
rebel
例 The prime minister left the capital after learning that the rebels were planning an imminent attack. 首相在得知反叛者正在预谋发动的袭击即将来临之后，便离开了首都。
例 The people rebelled when bread prices tripled again. 当面包价格再次涨至三倍时，人们便开始造反。
联 rebellion n. 谋反，叛乱；rebellious adj. 造反的，反叛的

rebel
rebel［ri'bel］v. 造反，反抗［'rebəl］ n. 反叛者
解　v. to break with established customs
n. a person who takes part in a rebellion in the hopes of improving conditions
例　It is natural for teenagers to rebel against their parents. 反抗父母是青少年的天性。

rebellion
rebellion［rɪ'beljən］
n. 叛乱
解　organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another
例　The rebellion overthrew the king from his throne. 这场叛乱推翻了国王的统治。

rebuke
rebuke［rɪ'bju:k］
vt. 斥责，谴责〈同　admonish, scold〉
例　The mother rebuked the child for getting on the stranger's car. 那位妈妈因为孩子上了陌生人的车而责备了他。

recalcitrant
recalcitrant［rɪ'kælsɪtrənt］
adj. 固执的，顽抗的
解　marked by stubborn resistance to authority
例　The recalcitrant solider disobeyed his orders. 这名顽抗的士兵违抗了他的命令。
同　recalcitrance n. 固执，顽抗

recall
recall　［rɪˈkɔːl］
vt. 回忆起；记得〈同 remember〉
例 The victim was asked to recall what happened to him the day he was robbed. 受害者被要求回忆自己被抢当天都发生了什么。

recapitulation
recapitulation［ˌri:kəpɪtjʊ'leɪʃən］
n. 扼要重述
解　a summary that repeats the substance of a longer discussion
例　The official 100-page report ended with a one-page recapitulation of the key points. 这份100页的官方报告的最后一页是要点概括。

recede
recede［rɪ'si:d］
v. ① 倒退，后退 ② 撤回，撤退
解　① to move back and away from ② to retreat
例　We watched the harbor recede from view as our ship headed out to sea. 随着轮船驶入大海，码头渐渐从我们的视线中消失。
近　rescind v. 废除，取消
构　re (=back) + ced (=to go) + e

receipt
receipt　［rɪˈsiːt］
n. ① 收据
例 I need all your receipts so that I can verify the bill for the work. 我需要你的所有收据，这样我就可以核对公费账单了。
例 On receipt of the news he went home. 一收到这个消息，他就回家了。
记 来自receive（v. 收到）
联 receptive adj. 善于接受的，能接纳的；recipient n. 接受者

receptacle
receptacle［rɪ'septəkəl］
n. 容器；储藏所，仓库〈同　container, holder〉
例　The goods were placed in large receptacles before they were placed on the cargo ship. 货物被装上货轮之前，存放在巨大的仓库里。

reception
reception　［rɪˈsepʃən］
n. ① 接待；招待会；欢迎会
例 Our school gave a reception for our new principal. 我们学校为新任校长举办了一场欢迎会。
例 The reception was poor because we were so far from the transmitter. 信号接收不良，因为我们离发射机太远了。
联 receptionist n. 接待员

receptive
receptive［rɪ'septɪv］
adj. 善于接受的，能接纳的〈同　open-minded, accepting〉
例　I was confident that after Dad had eaten a good meal, he would be in a more receptive mood to my request for the use of the car. 我相信，爸爸在吃完一顿美餐之后，就更容易接受我用一下汽车的请求。

recess
recess［rɪ'ses］
n. ① 壁凹 （墙上装架子、柜子等凹处）② 休息；休息、停顿等持续的时间
解　① a space set back or indented ② a pause from doing something (as work) ; the period of such cessation
例　During school recess, the children like to go to the playground and play games. 课间休息时，孩子们喜欢去操场上玩耍。

recession
recession［rɪ'seʃən］
n. 萧条时期，（经济）衰退〈同 depression〉
例　Slow growth in the early 1900's, linked with rising unemployment, led many experts to declare a recession. 20世纪头十年，经济增长放缓，加上失业率上升，使许多专家宣布经济进入衰退期。

recipe
recipe［'resɪpi］
n. 食谱；处方〈同 formula, instructions〉
例　I have a book full of recipes for curry. 我有一本做咖喱饭菜的食谱。

reciprocal
reciprocal［rɪ'sɪprəkəl］
adj. 相应的；相互的〈同 in return, mutual〉
例　She gave me a present, but she expected no reciprocal gift from me. 她给了我一件礼物，但是她不期望我回赠她。

recital
recital［rɪ'saɪtəl］
n. ① 朗诵，背诵 ② 独奏会，独唱会
解　① a reciting ② a musical entertainment, given usually by a single performer
例　My music teacher will give a piano recital Tuesday afternoon. 周二下午，我的音乐老师将举办一场钢琴独奏会。
同　recite v. 背诵；recitation n. 背诵

reckless
reckless［'reklɪs］
adj. 轻率的，鲁莽的〈同 careless〉
例　Mark had his license suspended for reckless driving. 马克因为野蛮驾驶被吊销驾照。

reckon
reckon［'rekən］
vt. 约略地计算；估计，猜想〈同 compute, guess〉
例　John was absent for the first time, so the teacher reckoned he was sick. 约翰第一次缺勤，老师估计他是生病了。

reclaim
reclaim［rɪ'kleɪm］
vt. 开垦；要求归还，收回
例　The Netherlands has reclaimed large tracts of land from the sea. 荷兰收回了海上的大片领土。

recluse
recluse［rɪ'klu:s］
n. 隐士 adj. 隐居的
解　n. one who lives in solitude adj. withdrawn from society; seeking solitude
例　The recluse lived in the woods, eating the plants from his garden and the meat of animals he hunted. 这个隐士居住在森林里，以自己菜园中种植的植物和狩猎所得的肉类为食。
同　reclusive adj. 隐遁的，隐居的
构　re (=back) + clus (=to shut) + e

recognize
recognize［'rekəgnaɪz］
vt. ① 识别，辨认〈同 identify〉
例　I'm sure I would recognize you in that disguise. 我确信你伪装成那样我也能认出你。
例　The scientist was recognized by the president for her outstanding achievements. 那位科学家做出了杰出的贡献，受到总统的表彰。

recoil
recoil［rɪ'kɔɪl］
vi. 畏缩；弹回，反冲
例　She recoiled when she heard the cost of the operation. 听到手术费用的数目之后，她退缩了。

recollection
recollection［ˌrekə'lek∫ən］
n. 回忆，记忆〈同　memory〉
例　After the brain surgery, his recollection was not very good. 经过脑部手术之后，他的记忆变得不是很好。

recommend
recommend　［ˌrekəˈmend］
vt. ① 推荐〈同 suggest〉
例 The waiter recommended that we eat the lobster. 服务员建议我们吃龙虾。
例 The doctor recommended that the patient stay in bed. 医生建议患者卧床休息。
联 recommendation n. 推荐；介绍（信）

reconcile
reconcile［'rekənsaɪl］
vt. 使和解〈同 settle〉
例　Friends managed to reconcile him with his wife after years of estrangement. 他和妻子多年分居，朋友们想方设法让他们重归于好了。

reconstruct
reconstruct［ˌri:kən'strʌkt］
vt. 重建，改造〈同　rebuild, reconstitute〉
例　Without the original designs, it was impossible to reconstruct the building exactly as before. 如果没有当初的设计图，要想完全按照以前的样子对这栋建筑进行重建是不可能的。

recount
recount［rɪ'kaʊnt］
vt. 叙述，描写〈同　narrate, depict〉
例　The father recounted a story to his child before saying good night. 爸爸在道晚安之前，给他的孩子讲了一个故事。

recreation
recreation［ˌrekrɪ'eɪʃən］
n. 消遣，娱乐〈同 pastime, amusement〉
例　For recreation, I like to go hiking and camping. 在娱乐方面，我喜欢徒步旅行和露营。

recriminate
recriminate［rɪ'krɪmɪneɪt］
v. 反责，反控
解　to return an accusation against someone
例　The company defended that it had not infringed on any trademarks and recriminated the newspaper of libel. 这家公司辩称没有侵犯任何商标权，并反责报纸诬陷。
构　re (=again, back) + crimin (=crime) + ate

recruit
recruit［rɪ'kru:t］
vt. 征兵，征募；补充〈同 enlist, enroll〉
例　We have to recruit seven more people to start the work. 我们还需要招募七个人来启动这个工作。

rectify
rectify［'rektɪfaɪ］
vt. 矫正〈同 correct, amend〉
例　Before you hand in your homework, you should rectify all the mistakes. 交家庭作业之前，你应该好好检查错误。

recur
recur［rɪ'kɜ:(r)］
vi. 重现，再来；复发〈同 reappear〉
例　Memories of my first meeting with her recur on and off. 我第一次和她相遇的回忆不断重现。

recurrent
recurrent［rɪ'kʌrənt］
adj. 反复出现的
解　occurring again and again
例　We brought the car to a mechanic because the overheating engine was a recurrent problem. 由于发动机过热的毛病反复出现，于是我们把车送到机械师那里修理。
同　recurring adj. 重复发生的

recycle
recycle［ˌri:'saɪkəl］
v. 再循环利用
解　to use again after processing
例　All the families in this neighborhood recycle their plastics and aluminum cans. 这个居民区的所有家庭都对塑料和铝制罐进行了循环利用。

redundant
redundant［rɪ'dʌndənt］
adj. 多余的，冗长的〈同 unnecessary〉
例　Bill had already bought paper plates, so our purchase of paper plates was redundant. 比尔已经买了纸板，所以我们再买纸板就多余了。

reel
reel［ri:l］
n. 卷轴
例　The fish was so big that his fishing rod and reel broke. 那条鱼太大了，他的鱼竿和卷轴都断了。

refer
refer　［rɪˈfɜː(r)］
v. ① 提交（to）〈同 hand over〉
例 Let's refer the dispute to the manager. 我们把争议提交给经理吧。
例 A person refers to a dictionary to find the meaning of words. 人们通过查词典来获知单词的意思。
联 reference n. 参考

refined
refined　［rɪˈfaɪnd］
adj. ① 优雅的〈同 elegant〉
例 A photographer encouraged her to become a model because of her slim figure and refined features. 一位摄影师鼓励她成为一名模特，因为她身材苗条，气质优雅。
例 To obtain pure lead, the lead ore is mined, then smelted, and finally refined. 为了获得纯铅，需要对铅矿进行开采，接着是冶炼，并在最后进行精炼。
记 来自refine（vt. 提纯，精炼）；re（再）+ fin（完成）+ ed→做完后还反复做→精制的
联 refinement n.（言谈、举止等的）文雅，精巧；refinery n. 精炼厂

reflect
reflect［rɪ'flekt］
v. ① 反射 ② 仔细考虑
解　① to turn back or throw back (light, heat, sound, etc. ) ② to think carefully
例　Take time to reflect before making a decision. 在作决定之前，花点时间思考一下。
同　reflection n. 反射；思考；reflective adj. 深思熟虑的；反射的

reflection
reflection　［rɪˈflekʃən］
n. 反映〈同 expression〉
例 Your tone of voice is a reflection of your attitude. 你的语调反映了你的态度。
记 re（反）+ flect（弯曲）+ ion→弯曲反射回来→反映

reform
reform［rɪ'fɔ:m］
n./v. 改革，革新〈同 improvement, improve〉
例　Social reforms led to the abolition of slavery. 社会改革使奴隶制被废除。

refraction
refraction［rɪ'fræk∫ən］
n. 折光，折射〈同　deflection〉
例　When you look at a stick inserted in water, it looks bent because of the refraction of the light by the water. 当你看一根插在水里的棍子时，它看起来像是弯的，这是因为水对光的折射。

refractory
refractory［rɪ'fræktəri］
adj. ① 倔强的，难驾驭的 ② （病）难治的
解　① resisting control, discipline, etc., willful; stubborn ② not yielding to treatment
例　The refractory child would not sit still and drove his babysitter crazy. 这个不听话的小孩不愿安静地坐着，都快把保姆逼疯了。
构　re (=again) + fract (=to break) + ory

refrain
refrain［rɪ'freɪn］
vi. 节制；避免〈同 restrain, avoid〉
例　If you want to be heard, you must refrain from mumbling. 如果你想让别人听见你说什么，就必须口齿清楚。

refresh
refresh　［rɪˈfreʃ］
v.（使）精神振作，（使）精力恢复；更新〈同 renew〉
例 His bath refreshed him. 他洗完澡后精神焕发。
联 refreshing adj. 提神的；使人清爽的

refreshing
refreshing［rɪ'freʃɪŋ］
adj. 使人精神振作的；使人耳目一新的〈同 invigorating〉
例　A refreshing breath of fresh air gave me new energy. 呼吸新鲜空气让我精力充沛。

refrigerate
refrigerate［rɪ'frɪʤəreɪt］
vt. 使冷却，冷冻
例　The ice cream needs to be refrigerated before it melts. 冰激凌需要在融化之前进行冷冻。

refugee
refugee［ˌrefju:'ʤi:; (US)'refjʊʤi:］
n. 避难者，难民
例　The refugees were forced to leave their home. They had no food and nowhere to stay. 难民被迫离开家园。他们没有食物，也无处可去。

refurbish
refurbish［ri:'fɜ:bɪ∫］
vt. 刷新，再磨光〈同　redecorate, polish〉
例　The general's old sword was refurbished for the new war. 为了迎接新的战争，将军的旧宝剑被重新磨光。

refute
refute［rɪ'fju:t］
vt. 反驳〈同 decline, disprove〉
例　The speaker refuted his opponent's arguments. 演讲者反驳了对手的论点。

regarding
regarding　［rɪˈɡɑːdɪŋ］
prep. 关于〈同 concerning〉
例 The company is being questioned regarding its employment policy. 公司因其雇佣政策而受到质疑。

regardless
regardless［rɪ'gɑ:dlɪs］
adj. 不管，不顾，不注意
例　I will attend the concert regardless of what you say. 无论你怎么说，我都会去参加音乐会。

regenerate
regenerate［rɪ'ʤenəreɪt］
v. 改过自新；再生 adj. 改过自新的，新生的
解　v. to be formed or shaped anew adj. born again spiritually; formed anew morally
例　Unlike humans who have to rely on prosthetics many insects can naturally regenerate a limb if it breaks off. 人类必须依赖修复术才能使自己康复；许多昆虫则不同，它们可以在肢体受到损坏时自然地重新生长出来。

regeneration
regeneration［rɪˌʤenə'reɪ∫ən］
n. 再生，重建〈同　renewal, revival〉
例　Many insects rely on the regeneration of their limbs to stay alive. 许多昆虫要靠四肢再生才能继续存活。

regime
regime［reɪ'ʒi:m］
n. 政权，政体；政治制度〈同 government〉
例　The regime in China is the Communist Party. 中国的执政党是共产党。

register
register　［ˈreʤɪstə(r)］
n./v. 登记〈同 record〉
例 Citizens must register before they can vote. 公民在投票之前必须进行登记。

regressive
regressive［rɪ'ɡresɪv］
adj. 退步的，退化的，回归的
解　tending to return or revert
例　The unemployed banking executive preferred to wait for any opening in his profession rather than to take a regressive job. 这个失业的银行经理宁愿等待他所从事的行业出现职位空缺，也不愿找一个稍差一些的工作。
同　regression n. 退化

regulate
regulate　［ˈreɡjʊleɪt］
vt. ① 管制，控制〈同 direct〉
例 The government regulates the coining of money. 铸币由政府管控。
例 My watch is losing time; I have to have it regulated. 我的表走得慢了；我得校准一下。
联 regulation n. 规则；规章

rehabilitate
rehabilitate［ˌri:hə'bɪlɪteɪt］
vt. 使（身体）康复；使复职；翻修〈同　restore, recover〉
例　The old house was rehabilitated at an enormous expense. 那栋旧房子经过翻修，花了一大笔钱。

rehabilitate
rehabilitate［ˌri:(h)ə'bɪlɪteɪt］
v. 修复，恢复（原状、名誉等）
解　to restore to one's former position
例　The athlete needed at least two weeks to rehabilitate his leg. 这名运动员至少需要两周的时间来恢复腿伤。
同　rehabilitation n. （身心等）康复，恢复；改邪归正
构　re (=again) + hab (=to have; to live) + ilitate

rehearse
rehearse［rɪ'hɜ:s］
vt. 预演，排练〈同　practice, drill〉
例　The actors will rehearse the play once more before performing tomorrow night. 在明天晚上正式演出之前，演员们将再排练一遍这部戏。

reign
reign［reɪn］
n./vt. 统治，支配〈同 sovereignty, rule〉
例　The old king has reigned for 30 years. 老国王已经统治了30年。

reimburse
reimburse［ˌri:ɪm'bɜ:s］
vt. 偿还〈同　compensate, pay back〉
例　The insurance company reimbursed him for his medical expenses. 保险公司报销了他的医疗费用。

reinforce
reinforce　［ˌriːɪnˈfɔːs］
vt. 加强〈同 strengthen〉
例 The mayor reinforces the police department by hiring more cops. 市长聘用了更多的警察，来加强警察局的力量。
记 re（再次）+ in（加强）+ force（力量)→再次加强力量→加强
联 reinforcement n. 增援；加强，加固

reinforce
reinforce［ˌri:ɪn'fɔ:s］
v. 加强力量，增援
解　to strengthen or support
例　To stop the intruder from breaking in, she reinforced the door with her furniture. 为了阻止侵入者破门而入，她用家具抵住了房门。
构　re (=again) + in (=in) + forc (=strong) + e

reiterate
reiterate［ri:'ɪtəreɪt］
vt. 重申，反复地说〈同　repeat〉
例　The professor reiterated his instructions to make sure everyone understood. 教授重申了他的指令，以保证所有人都能理解。

reject
reject　［rɪˈʤekt］
vt. 拒绝，抵制〈同 turn down, deny〉
例 He tried to join the army but was rejected because of his poor health. 他想参军，但由于健康状况较差而被拒绝了。
联 rejection n. 拒绝

rejoice
rejoice［rɪ'ʤɔɪs］
v.（使）欣喜，（使）高兴〈同 exult〉
例　The army rejoiced because of its victory. 军队因为胜利而庆祝。

rejuvenate
rejuvenate［rɪ'ʤu:vəneɪt］
v.（使）返老还童；（使）恢复活力〈同　make young again, invigorate〉
例　The contact with his grandchildren rejuvenated him. 联系上孙子孙女们，让他重新焕发了活力。

rekindle
rekindle［ˌri:'kɪndəl］
vt. 再点火；使再振作〈同　relight〉
例　He rekindled the fire every morning. 他每天早上都重新点燃火炉。

relate
relate　［rɪˈleɪt］
vt. ① 叙述，讲〈同 tell〉
例 Although they did not agree with the plan, they did not relate their opposition to it. 虽然他们不同意这个计划，但也没有表示反对。
例 Some education advisers have related the drop in the standard of students' performance with the increase in the size of classes. 有些教育顾问将学生成绩水平的下降与班级规模的扩大联系起来。
联 relationship n. 关系，关联；relative n. 亲戚

relax
relax　［rɪˈlæks］
v.（使）松弛，放松〈同 free〉
例 The massage relaxed her. 按摩让她放松了下来。
联 relaxed adj. 不拘束的；悠闲的；relaxation n. 松弛，缓和

relax
relax［rɪ'læks］
v. 放松
解　to become less tense
例　The students went to the swimming pool to relax at the weekend. 在周末，学生们去游泳来放松身心。
同　relaxed adj. 放松的

relay
relay［rɪ'leɪ］
vt. 分程传递；转播
例　The private satellite industry sprang up in the mid-1960's to relay not only television broadcasts but also phone calls and computer data. 私人卫星产业在20世纪60年代中期出现，不仅传送电视节目和手机信号，而且传送电脑数据。

release
release　［rɪˈliːs］
n./v. 释放〈同 give off; freedom〉
例 The end of the war brought the release of the prisoners. 战争结束后，囚犯们获得释放。

relevant
relevant　［ˈreləvənt］
adj. 有关的，切题的〈同 pertinent, related〉
例 His nationality isn't relevant to whether he's a good lawyer. 他的国籍与他是否是一位好律师无关。
记 re（重新）+ lev（提出）+ ant→把有关问题重新提出来探讨→有关的
联 relevance n. 相关；irrelevant adj. 不相关的，不切题的

reliable
reliable　［rɪˈlaɪəbəl］
adj. 可靠的，可信赖的〈同 dependable〉
例 I am happy to recommend her for this position because I have always found her to be an efficient and reliable employee. 我很高兴推荐她担任这个职务，因为我始终认为她是一位高效和可靠的员工。
记 来自rely（vi. 依赖)
联 reliability n. 可靠性；unreliable adj. 不可靠的；reliant adj. 依靠的；依靠自己的；reliance n. 依赖；依靠的人（或物）

relic
relic［'relɪk］
n. 遗迹，纪念物〈同 antique, remains〉
例　This ruined bridge is a relic of the Civil War. 这座毁坏的桥是内战的遗迹。

relief
relief　［rɪˈliːf］
n.（痛苦等的）减轻；（债务等的）免除
例 His relief from pain came as the medicine began to work. 随着药物逐渐发挥作用，他的疼痛也得到了缓解。

relieve
relieve　［rɪˈliːv］
vt. 减轻〈同 assuage〉
例 The medicine relieved her itch. 这种药物为她减轻了瘙痒。
联 relieved adj. 放心的；免除的

reluctant
reluctant　［rɪˈlʌktənt］
adj. 不情愿的，勉强的〈同 unwilling〉
例 She was reluctant to accept the job offer because she was not sure that she could find a baby-sitter. 她并不愿意接受这个工作邀请，因为她不确定自己能否找到一位保姆。

rely
rely　［rɪˈlaɪ］
v. 依赖，依靠；信任（on/upon）
例 The success of this project relies on everyone making an effort. 这个项目的成功依靠的是每个人的努力。

remainder
remainder［rɪ'meɪndə(r)］
n. 残余，剩余物〈同 remnant〉
例　Put the remainder of the meal in the refrigerator. 把吃剩的饭菜放进冰箱。

remark
remark　［rɪˈmɑːk］
n. 评论；注释〈同 comment〉
例 Her remarks on the employment question led to a heated discussion. 她对就业问题的评论引发了热烈的讨论。
v. 评论；谈及〈同 mention〉
例 “I think it's going to rain,” she looked out of the window and remarked. “我感觉要下雨了，”她看着窗外说道。

remarkable
remarkable　［rɪˈmɑːkəbəl］
adj. 显著的，值得注意的〈同 outstanding〉
例 The invention of the radio was a remarkable achievement. 收音机的发明是一项非凡的成就。

remarkable
remarkable［rɪ'mɑ:kəbəl］
adj. 非凡的
解　worthy of notice; noteworthy
例　The professor provided a recommendation of the remarkable student. 教授为这名出类拔萃的学生写了封推荐信。
同　unremarkable adj. 不显著的，平凡的

remedy
remedy　［ˈremədi］
n. 药物〈同 drug〉
例 I know a good remedy for toothache. 我知道一种治牙疼的良药。
vt. 治疗；补救〈同 cure; fix〉
例 These mistakes can't be remedied. 这些错误无法补救。
联 remediable adj. 可挽回的；可治疗的；remedial adj. 治疗的，补救的

remind
remind　［rɪˈmaɪnd］
vt. 提醒，使记起
例 Satire tends to remind people that what they see, read and hear is partially true. 讽刺文学旨在提醒人们，他们所看、所读和所听的内容只有部分是真实的。
联 reminder n. 提醒的人（或物等)；暗示

remodel
remodel［ˌri:'mɒdəl］
v. 重建，改变形状
解　to make over; to change or alter
例　They tore down some walls when they remodeled the house in order to create a more spacious atmosphere. 改造房屋的时候，为了使空间更加宽敞，他们拆除了一些墙体。

remote
remote　［rɪˈməʊt］
adj. 遥远的，偏僻的〈同 isolated〉
例 The remote island was so small that no one lived there. 那个偏远的岛太小了，上面没有人居住。

remote
remote［rɪ'məʊt］
adj. 遥远的；偏僻的
解　far away; out of the way; secluded
例　The North Pole is a remote part of the world. 北极是世界上很遥远的一个地方。

remove
remove　［rɪˈmuːv］
vt. ① 移动；搬开〈同 take away〉
例 The men came to remove the rubbish from the house. 几个男人弄走了房子里的垃圾。
例 The mayor removed the chief of police for failing to do his duty. 市长因警察局长工作失职而将他撤职。

renaissance
renaissance［rɪ'neɪsəns; (US)'renəsɑ:ns］
n. 复活，文艺复兴〈同 revival, renewal〉
例　The dilapidated downtown experienced a reanissance as the government began to repair the old buildings there. 政府决定开始重修老建筑物，这座破旧的城市正经历一场复兴。

render
render　［ˈrendə(r)］
vt. 给予，提供〈同 provide〉
例 Jeff's law firm renders service to foreign clients only. 杰夫的律师事务所只为国外客户提供服务。
联 rendering n. 表现，描写

rendition
rendition［ren'dɪ∫ən］
n. 表演，演唱〈同　performance〉
例　The audience cheered enthusiastically as she completed her rendition of the aria. 她唱完咏叹调之后，观众们都热情地为她欢呼。

renew
renew［rɪ'nju:］
vt. 使更新，使恢复；重新开始〈同 renovate, restart〉
例　The author renewed the script by rewriting many of the scenes. 作者改写了很多场景，修改了这个脚本。

renounce
renounce［rɪ'naʊns］
vt. 声明放弃；宣布断绝关系〈同　give up, abandon〉
例　Although she was in need of money, she renounced her claim to the inheritance. 虽然她需要钱，但她却宣布放弃遗产请求。

renounce
renounce［rɪ'naʊns］
v. 正式放弃；宣布断绝关系
解　to give up, such as power or duties and obligations
例　The prince renounced his right to the throne and sought a life of enlightenment. 王子放弃了王位的继承权，去寻求一种大彻大悟的人生。
构　re (=back, against) + nounc (=to say) + e

renovate
renovate［'renəveɪt］
vt. 革新；修理，修复〈同 renew〉
例　They claim that they can renovate worn shoes so that they look like new ones. 他们自称可以重修旧鞋，修完之后看上去像新的一样。

rent
rent　［rent］
n. 租金，租费
例 The rent for Janet's apartment is $700 per month. 珍妮特的公寓每月租金为700美元。
v. 租，出租〈同 lease〉
例 We rented a holiday resort at the seaside. 我们在海边租了一个度假村。
联 rentable adj. 可出租的；rental n. 租金额；租赁，出租

repartee
repartee［ˌrepɑ:'ti:］
n. ① 巧妙的应答 ② 巧妙应答的才能
解　① a quick, witty reply ② skill in making witty replies
例　The public considered the winner of the political debate to be the man with the most repartees. 公众认为这场政治辩论的获胜者是这个妙语连珠的人。
近　repatriate v. （自异国）遣返
构　re (=back) + part (=part) + ee

repay
repay［rɪ'peɪ］
v. 偿还〈同 reimburse, compensate〉
例　Repay your debts promptly to avoid trouble. 立即偿还债务，以免招来麻烦。

repel
repel［rɪ'pel］
vt. 击退，驱逐〈同 repulse, resist〉
例　Anne repelled her attacker by kicking him. 安娜踢那个袭击她的人，击退了他。

repent
repent［rɪ'pent］
v. 后悔；忏悔，悔悟〈同　feel sorry, be remorseful〉
例　The man went to the priest to repent his sins. 那个人找牧师忏悔自己的罪行。

repertory
repertory［'repətəri］
n. ①全部剧目〈同　stock〉
例　The repertory of a concert band has traditionally included marches and music transcribed from other media. 一支管乐队的常备曲目通常包括从其他媒体转录的进行曲和乐曲。
例　Before they returned home from summer vacation, the college students stored their books and large possessions in the school repertory. 回家过暑假之前，大学生们把自己的书和大型财物存放在学校的仓库里。

repetition
repetition　［ˌrepəˈtɪʃən］
n. 重复〈同 repeat〉
例 These statements are just repetitions of what was said last year. 这些报告只是在重复去年说过的话。

replace
replace　［rɪˈpleɪs］
vt. 取代，替换〈同 change for〉
例 I will replace the cup I broke in the restaurant. 我得把我在餐厅打破的杯子换掉。
联 replacement n. 交换；代替者

replace
replace［rɪ'pleɪs］
v. ① 把…放回原处 ② 取代，代替
解　① to put back; put in place again ② to fill or take the place of
例　Johnny bought a new vase to replace the one he had broken while his parents were away on business. 父母出差的时候，约翰尼买了一个新的花瓶来替代被他打碎的那个。

replenish
replenish［rɪ'plenɪ∫］
vt. 补充，把…再备足〈同　refill, restock〉
例　The manager of the hardware store needed to replenish his stock; quite a few of the shelves were empty. 硬件商店的经理需要补充库存；许多货架都空了。

replica
replica［'replɪkə］
n. 复制品〈同　duplicate, copy〉
例　Instead of working so hard to produce replicas of famous works of art, why don't you try to create something original? 与其如此努力工作来制作著名艺术品的复制品，为何不尝试自己创作一些原创作品呢？

reply
reply　［rɪˈplaɪ］
n. 答复〈同 answer〉
例 We advertised the job but received very few replies. 我们登了招聘广告，但收到的回复非常少。
vi. 答复；回击
例 The enemy replied to the attack with heavy gunfire. 敌人用猛烈的炮火进行还击。

repose
repose［rɪ'pəʊz］
v. 躺着休息；安睡
解　to lie or sleep in a comfortable resting position
例　The cat reposed upon the cushion. 猫卧在垫子上休息。
构　re (=back) + pos (=to put) + e

represent
represent　［ˌreprɪˈzent］
vt. 代表；描绘，表现〈同 stand for; depict〉
例 The 50 stars on the flag of the United States represent the 50 states. 美国国旗上的50颗星星代表50个州。
联 representation n. 表示，表现

representative
representative　［ˌreprɪˈzentətɪv］
n. 代表〈同 delegate〉
例 The tiger is a representative of the cat family. 老虎是猫科动物的代表。
adj. 典型的，有代表性的〈同 typical〉
例 Are your opinions representative of all the workers here? 你能代表这里所有工人的意见吗？

repress
repress［rɪ'pres］
vt. 抑制，镇压〈同　depress, restrain〉
例　We all have impulses to violence, but if we are to live in a civilized society, we must learn to repress them. 我们都有暴力的冲动，但我们生活在一个文明社会，因此必须学会抑制这种冲动。

repress
repress［rɪ'pres］
v. ① 抑制 ② 镇压
解　① to keep under restraint or control ② to put down by force or intimidation
例　The authoritarian government repressed any signs of rebellion before one actually started. 在真正的造反开始之前，这个独裁政府就对任何造反的征兆进行了镇压。
同　repression n. 压制，镇压；irrepressible adj. 压抑不住的；unrepressed adj. 未受抑制或约束的
构　re (=back) + press (=to press)

reprimand
reprimand［'reprɪmɑ:nd］
n./v. 训诫，谴责
解　n. a severe of formal reproof v. to reprove severely or formally
例　The general reprimanded the soldier for disobeying orders. 将军因这个士兵没有服从命令而训斥了他。

reproach
reproach［rɪ'prəʊtʃ］
v. 谴责〈同 reprimand, scold〉
例　She reproached me for being late. 她责备我迟到。

reprobate
reprobate［'reprəʊbeɪt］
n. 堕落者，道德败坏的人 adj. 堕落的
解　n. a person without moral scruples adj. marked by immorality; deviating from what is considered right or proper or good
例　I cannot understand why he has so many admirers if he is the reprobate you say he is. 如果他真如你所说是一个道德败坏的人，那么我就不理解为什么他有那么多崇拜者。

reproduce
reproduce［ˌri:prə'dju:s; (US)ˌri:prə'du:s］
v. 繁殖，再生；复制〈同 multiply, duplicate〉
例　Reproduce three copies of the contract for your records. 复印三份合同放在你的档案里。

reprove
reprove［rɪ'pru:v］
v. 责骂，申斥
解　to express disapproval of; to censure
例　The student reproved herself for not getting a better grade on the test. 这名学生因为没有在考试中取得更好的成绩而责备自己。
构　re (=again) + prov (=to test) + e

repulse
repulse［rɪ'pʌls］
vt. ①击退〈同　repel, drive back〉
例　The army repulsed the enemies. 军队击退了敌军。
例　The sight of two dogs fighting repulsed her. 看到两条狗打架让她心生反感。

reputation
reputation［ˌrepju(:)'teɪʃən］
n. 名誉，名声〈同 repute〉
例　She has a reputation as an honest person. 她享有诚实人的声誉。

reputation
reputation［ˌrepju'teɪʃən］
n. 名声，名誉
解　someone's or something's character in the opinion of others; name; repute
例　The founder considered the company's reputation to be more valuable than its profit. 这位创始人认为，公司的声誉比其利益更有价值。

repute
repute［rɪ'pju:t］
n. 名望，名声
解　the state of being held in high esteem and honor; fame
例　This is a district of bad repute because of the crime here. 这个地区因为犯罪活动而臭名昭著。
构　re (=again) + put (=to consider, to reckon) + e

reputed
reputed［rɪ'pju:tɪd］
adj. 名誉好的，被称为…的，有…名气的〈同　known as, famous〉
例　The professor was reputed to be an expert after the publication of his theories. 那名教授出版了自己的理论之后，便被誉为专家。

request
request　［rɪˈkwest］
n./vt. 请求，要求
例 She requested a loan from the bank. 她向银行申请了贷款。

request
request［rɪ'kwest］
n./v. 要求，请求
解　n. the act of asking v. to ask for; to ask as a favor
例　She requested a loan from the bank. 她向银行申请了贷款。

require
require　［rɪˈkwaɪə(r)］
vt. 需要，要求〈同 request〉
例 The university requires that all students live on campus. 大学要求所有学生住校。
联 requirement n. 需求，要求

rescue
rescue　［ˈreskjuː］
n./vt. 援救，救援〈同 salvage; save〉
例 The firefighter rescued six people from the burning building. 消防员从那栋失火的建筑中救出了六个人。

resemble
resemble　［rɪˈzembəl］
vt. 像，类似〈同 take after〉
例 Kathy resembles her mother more than her sister does. 凯茜比她姐姐更像她妈妈。
联 resemblance n. 相似，酷似

resent
resent［rɪ'zent］
vt. 愤恨，怨恨〈同 begrudge〉
例　Janet resented the way her boyfriend treated her. 珍妮特厌恶她男朋友对待她的方式。

reserve
reserve　［rɪˈzɜːv］
vt. 储备；保留，预定〈同 keep〉
例 These seats are reserved for the elderly and women with babies. 这些座位是留给老年人和带小孩的妇女的。
联 reservation n. 保留；（旅馆房间等的）预定，预约

reservoir
reservoir　［ˈrezəvwɑː(r)］
n. 水库，蓄水池〈同 receptacle〉
例 The big storms in August refilled the reservoirs. 八月份的暴风雨再次把水库蓄满了。

reside
reside［rɪ'zaɪd］
vi. 居住〈同 dwell, live〉
例　In order to pay a lesser fee at a state university, you must reside in the state for one year. 如果你想要在州立大学少缴点学费，就必须在这个州居住满一年。

resident
resident　［ˈrezɪdənt］
n. 居民〈同 inhabitant〉
例 The state college offered lower tuition to the residents of the state. 这所州立学院向本州居民收取较低的学费。
联 residence n. 居住；住处

residue
residue［'rezɪdju:; (US)-du:］
n. 剩余，残余，渣滓〈同　remainder, remains〉
例　Even though she tried to clean the floor, a residue of dirt remained. 虽然她努力清洁地板，但地板上仍有污垢的残渣。

resign
resign　［rɪˈzaɪn］
v. 辞职〈同 quit〉
例 He resigned from this company in order to take a more challenging job. 他从这家公司辞职，目的是想找一份更具有挑战性的工作。
记 re + sign（签字)→再次签字→辞职
联 resignation n. 辞职；辞职书

resist
resist　［rɪˈzɪst］
v. ① 抵抗〈同 act against〉
例 The soldiers resisted the enemy's attack for two days. 士兵们抵御敌人的进攻已有两天时间。
例 A healthy body resists disease. 健康的身体能抵御疾病。
联 resistant adj. 抵抗的，有抵抗力的；resistance n. 反抗；抵抗力，阻力

resolute
resolute［'rezəlu:t］
adj. 坚决的，毅然的〈同　firm, determined〉
例　The workers are resolute to finish the job on time. 工人们坚决按时完成工作。

resolve
resolve　［rɪˈzɒlv］
vt. ① 决定〈同 determine〉
例 She resolved that she would never speak to him again. 她决定再也不跟他说话了。
例 The letter resolved our doubts. 这封信消除了我们的怀疑。

resonance
resonance［'rezənəns］
n. 回声，反响〈同 reverberation〉
例　The opera singer's voice has very good resonance. 歌剧演员的声音有很好的共鸣效果。

resort
resort　［rɪˈzɔːt］
v. ① 求助于（to）〈同 turn for help〉
例 The parents resorted to punishment to make the child obey. 那对父母通过惩罚的方式让孩子听话。
例 Many people resort to the beaches in hot weather. 许多人在炎热的天气里去海边避暑。

resource
resource　［rɪˈsɔːs; (US)ˈrɪːsɔːrs］
n. 资源，财力；办法，智谋〈同 materials; abilities〉
例 Climbing a tree is a cat's resource when chased by a dog. 在被狗追逐的时候，猫的对策是爬树。
联 resourceful adj. 资源丰富的；足智多谋的；resourcefulness n. 足智多谋

respect
respect［rɪ'spekt］
n. ① 尊敬，敬重〈同 admiration, honor〉
例　The children always showed great respect for their grandparents. 小孩一向对他们的祖父母表现得很尊重。
例　The plan is unwise in many respects. 这个计划在许多方面不够明智。
vt. 尊敬，敬重〈同 admire〉
例　I respect you for your honesty. 你为人正直，我敬重你。

respective
respective　［rɪˈspektɪv］
adj. 分别的，各自的〈同 individual〉
例 The applicants received respective interviews. 申请人分别接受了面试。
记 re（重复）+ spect（看）+ ive→一个一个看→分别的
联 respectively adv. 分别地，各个地

respiration
respiration［ˌrespə'reɪ∫ən］
n. 呼吸〈同　breathing〉
例　A bad cold can make respiration difficult. 重感冒可能造成呼吸困难。

respond
respond　［rɪˈspɒnd］
vi. 回答，反应（to）〈同 react to〉
例 Please respond to this offer by Friday. 请在周五之前对邀请作出答复。
联 response n. 回答，反应

responsible
responsible　［rɪˈspɒnsəbəl］
adj. ① 有责任的〈同 accountable〉
例 Your foolishness is responsible for the failure of your project. 你的愚蠢是项目失败的原因。
例 Choose a responsible person to take care of the money. 挑选一个负责任的人来保管这些钱。
记 re（回）+ spons（许诺）+ ible→对许诺有回应→负责的
联 responsibility n. 责任，职责；irresponsible adj. 不负责任的，不可靠的

responsive
responsive［rɪ'spɒnsɪv］
adj. 响应的，作出响应的〈同　reactive〉
例　The teacher enjoyed the responsive students. 老师喜欢积极响应的学生。

restless
restless　［ˈrestləs］
adj. 焦躁不安的；不静止的〈同 uneasy〉
例 The dog seemed restless as if it sensed some danger. 狗似乎有些焦躁不安，它好像察觉到了什么危险。

restore
restore　［rɪˈstɔː(r)］
vt. 使恢复；整修，修复〈同 reinstate; renovate〉
例 The patient was soon restored to health. 那位病人很快就恢复健康了。
联 restoration n. 恢复；翻新

restrain
restrain　［rɪˈstreɪn］
vt. 克制，抑制〈同 inhibit〉
例 I was so angry that I could hardly restrain myself. 我太生气了，几乎无法控制自己。
记 re（重新）+strain（拉紧)→重新拉紧→克制
联 unrestrained adj. 无限制的；restraint n. 克制；抑制

restraint
restraint［rɪ'streɪnt］
n. 抑制，克制〈同 control, constraint〉
例　She was very angry, but she spoke with restraint. 她很生气，但是说话还是很克制。

restrict
restrict［rɪ'strɪkt］
vt. 限制，约束〈同 inhibit, confine〉
例　The United States has laws that restrict the number and kinds of immigrants allowed to enter its borders. 对于允许进入美国境内的移民的数量和类别，美国有法律来加以限制。

resume
resume
例 Applicants for this job are required to submit a resume of their education and job experience. 申请这份工作的求职者需要提交一份简历，其中应包括教育背景与工作经历。
例 They will resume their quarrel after the interferer leaves. 等劝和的人走了之后，他们又会继续争吵。

resuscitate
resuscitate［rɪ'sʌsɪteɪt］
v. （使）复苏，（使）复兴
解　to restore to life or consciousness
例　The lifeguard pulled the drowning woman to shore and resuscitated her. 救生员将这个溺水的女人拖上岸并救活了她。
同　resuscitation n. 复活，复兴

retain
retain　［rɪˈteɪn］
vt. 保持，保留〈同 keep〉
例 In the United States, most married women do not retain their maiden names. 在美国，大多数已婚女性不再保留她们婚前的姓氏。

retire
retire　［rɪˈtaɪə(r)］
vi. 退休，引退
例 Our teachers retire at 65. 我们的老师在65岁退休。
联 retirement n. 退休

retool
retool［ri:'tu:l］
vt. 将机械重新整备，重组〈同　reorganize, reconstitute〉
例　After someone defaced Tom's chair, the carpenter had to retool it. 有人弄坏了汤姆的椅子，木匠不得不对它进行改装。

retort
retort［rɪ'tɔ:t; 'ri:tɔ:t］
v. 反驳
例　He retorted upon me, saying I was to blame. 他反驳我，说我该受到责备。

retract
retract［rɪ'trækt］
vt. ①缩回，撤回〈同　retreat〉
例　The politician had to retract his offensive statements. 那名政客不得不收回其无礼的言论。
例　Please retract your false accusation. 请收回你的诬告。

retreat
retreat　［rɪˈtriːt］
n./vi. 撤退，退却〈同 receding; withdraw〉
例 After a hard struggle, they were finally forced to retreat. 经过艰苦的战斗，他们最终被迫撤退。

retrieve
retrieve［rɪ'tri:v］
v. 重新找回，取回；找回猎物〈同 regain〉
例　The dog was intelligent and quickly learned to retrieve the duck killed by the hunter. 这只狗很聪明，它很快就学会了捡回被猎人捕杀的鸭子。

retrograde
retrograde［'retrəɡreɪd］
adj. 倒退的，后退的 v. 倒退
解　adj. moving backward; becoming worse v. move or go backward
例　Instead of advancing, our civilization seems to have retrograded in ethics and culture. 我们的文明没有进步，似乎反而在道德和文化方面倒退了。

retrospect
retrospect［'retrəspekt］
n. 反顾，回顾〈同 review, reexamination〉
例　In retrospect, I think I would have done better as an artist. 回首往事，我认为我要是当了艺术家，一定要比现在好。

reveal
reveal　［rɪˈviːl］
vt. 展现；揭露〈同 expose〉
例 Their smuggling was discovered and revealed to the public. 他们的走私行为被发现并公之于众了。
联 revelation n. 显示，揭露

revenge
revenge［rɪ'venʤ］
vt. 替…报仇，复仇〈同 avenge〉
例　He joined the army to revenge his brother who had been killed by the enemy the year before. 他参军为他哥哥报仇，他哥哥一年前被敌人杀害了。

revenue
revenue［'revənju:; (US)'revənu:］
n.（营业）收入；税收〈同 income〉
例　Our yard sale generated a lot of extra revenue. 我们出售旧货，获得了许多额外的收入。

revere
revere［rɪ'vɪə(r)］
vt. 尊崇，尊敬〈同　worship, venerate〉
例　Einstein was a preeminent scientist who was revered by everyone, even his rivals. 爱因斯坦是一位杰出的科学家，受到了所有人的尊敬，包括他的对手。

reverse
reverse　［rɪˈvɜːs］
vt. 颠倒，翻转；推翻〈同 overturn〉
例 The Supreme Court can reverse the decision of any lower court. 最高法院可以推翻任何下级法院的判决。
n. 背面〈同 back〉
例 His name is on the reverse of the medal. 他的名字在奖牌的背面。
联 reversible adj. 可逆的

review
review　［rɪˈvjuː］
vt. ① 回顾；复习〈同 study again〉
例 Review today's lesson for tomorrow's exercises. 复习今天的课，为明天的练习作准备。
例 I only go to see films that are reviewed favorably. 我只去看获得好评的电影。

revise
revise　［rɪˈvaɪz］
vt. 修改，修订〈同 amend〉
例 Following their professor's suggestions, the student revised his paper carefully. 那个学生根据教授的建议仔细修改了论文。
联 revision n. 修订，校订

revitalization
revitalization［ri:ˌvaɪtəlaɪ'zeɪ∫ən; -lɪ'z-］
n. 新生，复兴〈同　rebirth, reinvigoration〉
例　The president passed new policies that aimed at the revitalization of the troubled economy. 总统批准了旨在复兴经济困境的新政策。

revitalize
revitalize［ri:'vaɪtəlaɪz］
v. 使复活，使新生，使重新充满活力
解　to give new life or vigor to
例　The President released a new plan to revitalize the troubled economy. 总统颁布了一项新的计划来使陷入低谷的经济复苏。
同　revitalization n. 新生，复兴

revive
revive［rɪ'vaɪv］
v. 苏醒，复活，复兴
解　to come or bring back to consciousness, strength, health or an earlier state
例　The lifeguard tried to revive the woman who was drowning. 救生员努力让溺水的女士苏醒过来。
近　revise v. 修改
构　re (=again) + viv (=to live, life) + e

revolt
revolt　［rɪˈvəʊlt］
n./v. 反抗，起义；反叛〈同 resist〉
例 The people revolted against the dictator. 人们反抗独裁者的统治。

revolutionary
revolutionary［ˌrevə'lu:ʃənəri］
adj. 革命的；彻底改变的〈同 pioneering〉
例　The government is cracking down on revolutionary militia groups. 政府正打击民兵自卫队。

revolve
revolve［rɪ'vɒlv］
v.（使）旋转〈同 rotate〉
例　The eight planets revolve around the sun. 八大行星围绕太阳旋转。

reward
reward　［rɪˈwɔːd］
n. 报酬，奖金〈同 prize〉
例 She got a percentage of the profits in reward for having thought of the original idea. 她获得了一定比例的收益，作为对她提出的最初构想的报酬。
vt. 酬劳，奖赏
例 He was rewarded for his years of service to the company with a grand farewell party. 公司举办了盛大的欢送会，奖励他多年来为公司所作的贡献。

rhetoric
rhetoric［'retərɪk］
n. 修辞；修辞学〈同　eloquence〉
例　All writers, by necessity, must be skilled in rhetoric. 所有作家不可避免地必须精通修辞学。

rhythm
rhythm　［ˈrɪðəm］
n. 节奏，韵律〈同 beat〉
例 The rhythm of the rain hitting the roof put him to sleep. 他在雨点落在屋顶上发出的有节奏的声响中睡着了。
联 rhythmic adj.（=rhythmical）有节奏的，有韵律的

ribbon
ribbon　［ˈrɪbən］
n. 缎带；带状物，带子
例 The flag was torn to ribbons by the severe windstorm. 旗子被猛烈的暴风撕成了碎条。

riddle
riddle［'rɪdəl］
n. 谜语〈同　puzzle, enigma〉
例　The newspapers have a section on riddles for people's amusement. 报纸上有一个刊登谜语的版块，以供读者消遣。
v. 出谜；迷惑
例　The inconsistent evidence at the crime scene riddled investigators. 犯罪现场相互矛盾的证据给调查人员出了一个难题。

ridge
ridge　［rɪʤ］
n. 脊；山脊
例 A bald eagle stood on the ridge of the tall office building. 高耸的办公大楼的屋脊上站着一只秃鹰。

ridiculous
ridiculous　［rɪˈdɪkjʊləs］
adj. 荒唐的，可笑的〈同 ludicrous〉
例 It is ridiculous to become angry about such an insignificant matter. 为这样一件无关紧要的事情生气，真是可笑。
记 rid（笑）+ ic + ulous（多…的）→多笑的→可笑的
联 ridicule v. 嘲笑

rift
rift［rɪft］
n. 裂缝；断裂，长峡谷〈同　break; crack〉
例　The family argument created a rift between the father and son. 家庭纠纷使父亲与儿子产生了不和。

rigid
rigid　［ˈrɪʤɪd］
adj. ① 坚硬的，不易变曲的〈同 stiff〉
例 My wet socks froze and became rigid. 我的湿袜子结冰了，变得非常坚硬。
例 The teacher was very rigid in his ideas about class attendance. 这位老师在课堂出勤率的问题上非常严格。
联 rigidly adv. 坚硬地；严格地

rigidity
rigidity［rə'ʤɪdəti］
n. 僵化，死板〈同　stiffness〉
例　The drawback of institutionalization is that it can turn into a kind of organizational rigidity that produces paralysis. 制度化的缺点是，它可能变成某种组织僵化，进而造成瘫痪。

rigorous
rigorous［'rɪgərəs］
adj. 严格的〈同 stringent, strict〉
例　Along with the other physical sciences, meteorology has developed in the past three centuries from myth and folklore to rigorous observation, computation, and analysis. 同其他物理科学一起，气象学在过去的三个世纪中，从神话和民间传说发展到严密的观察、计算和分析。

rim
rim［rɪm］
n. 边缘〈同 edge〉
例　The rim of my coffee cup is chipped. 我的咖啡杯的边缘破了。

rinse
rinse［rɪns］
v. 用清水冲洗；漱〈同　cleanse with water, flush〉
例　The cook rinsed the vegetables before cutting them to make the salad. 厨师先清洗蔬菜，然后把它们切碎来制作沙拉。

rip
rip［rɪp］
vt. 撕，撕裂〈同 tear, rend〉
例　Mary ripped the cloth into strips. 玛丽把布撕成了条。

ripe
ripe　［raɪp］
adj. ① 熟的，成熟的
例 The farmer harvested the ripe grain. 农民收获了成熟的谷物。
例 The time is ripe to invest in new technology. 投资新技术的时机已经成熟。
联 ripen v.（使）成熟

ripple
ripple［'rɪpəl］
n./v.（起）波纹〈同 wave〉
例　Throw a stone into still water and watch the ripples spread in rings. 把石头扔进平静的水里，观察呈环状散开的波纹。

risk
risk　［rɪsk］
n. 危险 vt. 冒…的危险〈同 danger; endanger〉
例 Fire-fighters risk their lives many a time. 消防员许多次都冒着生命危险。
联 risky adj. 危险的

risky
risky［'rɪski］
adj. 危险的，冒险的〈同　hazardous, dangerous〉
例　Because of advances in medical technology, heart surgery is not as risky as it formerly was. 由于医疗技术的进步，心脏手术不再像以前那样充满风险。

rite
rite［raɪt］
n. 仪式〈同　ceremony, ritual〉
例　People entreat the gods for blessing through various sacred rites. 人们通过各种宗教仪式来祈求神的保佑。

ritual
ritual［'rɪtʃʊəl］
n. 典礼，宗教仪式；例行公事，常规〈同 ceremony, habit〉
例　They go through the ritual of locking all doors and windows before going to bed. 睡觉之前，他们按照惯例把所有的门窗都锁好。

rival
rival　［ˈraɪvəl］
vt. 比得上，与…相匹敌
例 Thomas Jefferson's achievements as an architect rival his contributions as a politician. 托马斯·杰斐逊作为一名建筑师所取得的成就，与作为一名政治家所作的贡献不相上下。
adj. 竞争的〈同 competitive〉
例 The rival supermarkets both cut their prices to attract customers. 两家相互竞争的超市均通过降价来吸引顾客。
n. 竞争者；匹敌者〈同 competitor〉
例 The two managers were rivals for the same position. 两位经理是争夺同一个职位的竞争者。
联 rivalry n. 竞争；敌对状态

rivalry
rivalry［'raɪvəlri］
n. 竞争；敌对状态〈同　competition, contest〉
例　Since these two teams have played each other for the championship for five consecutive years, they have built up an intense rivalry. 这两支队伍连续五年都在争夺冠军的比赛中相遇，因此，双方展开了激烈的争夺。

roam
roam［rəʊm］
vi. 漫游，漫步〈同　wander, ramble〉
例　He had to put up a fence to keep his cattle from roaming onto his neighbor's farm. 为了防止自己的牛跑到邻居家的农场上，他不得不树立起栅栏。

roar
roar　［rɔː(r)］
v. 吼，轰鸣〈同 bellow〉
例 The wind roared at the windows. 狂风在窗外咆哮。

roast
roast　［rəʊst］
vt. 烤，烘〈同 bake〉
例 Chocolate is prepared by a complex process of cleaning, blending, and roasting cocoa beans, which must be ground and mixed with sugar. 巧克力的制作是一个非常复杂的过程，其中包括清洗、混合和烘焙可可豆，而且可可豆必须经过研磨，并与糖混合。

robbery
robbery［'rɒbəri］
n. 抢劫
例　The suspects in the robbery were wearing masks. 抢劫案中的疑犯带着面具。

robust
robust［rəʊ'bʌst］
adj. 强壮的，健康的〈同 strong, healthy〉
例　The candidate for the football team had a robust physique. 申请加入足球队的人有强健的体格。

rodent
rodent［'rəʊdənt］
n. 啮齿类动物（如鼠等）
解　of a group of mammals with large front teeth especially adapted for gnawing
例　Rats, mice, and squirrels are all rodents. 老鼠和松鼠都属于啮齿类动物。

role
role　［rəʊl］
n. 角色；任务〈同 part; function〉
例 She played the leading role in the school play. 她在校园剧里饰演主角。

roll
roll　［rəʊl］
v. 滚动〈同 turn〉
例 The ball rolled away. 球滚走了。
n.（一）卷，卷形物
例 The huge dog had rolls of fat along its neck. 那只大狗的脖子上有一圈圈的肥肉。
联 rock and roll 摇滚乐

romantic
romantic　［rəˈmæntɪk］
adj. 传奇式的；浪漫的
例 The old couple reminisced about the days of their courtship, when they were young and romantic. 这对老夫妇回忆起他们恋爱的日子，那时候的他们既年轻又浪漫。
联 romanticism n. 浪漫精神，浪漫主义

roost
roost［ru:st］
n. 栖息处，鸟巢〈同　perch〉
例　Many bats favor isolated or secure roosts, such as caves, crevices in cliff faces or tree hollows. 许多蝙蝠都喜欢隔离的或安全的栖息地，例如山洞、悬崖一侧的裂缝或树洞等。
v.（使）栖息〈同　alight, perch〉
例　The chicken roosted under the tree and out of the sun. 鸡栖息在树荫下面，躲避阳光。

rot
rot［rɒt］
v.（使）腐烂，（使）腐败〈同 putrefy〉
例　So much rain will make the fruit rot. 过多的雨水将会使水果腐烂。

rotate
rotate　［rəʊˈteɪt; (US)ˈrəʊteɪt］
v. ① 轮流〈同 alternate〉
例 The officials will rotate as chairman. 官员们将轮流担任主席。
例 Wheels rotate as the wagon is proceeding. 四轮马车向前驶去，车轮不断转动。
联 rotation n. 旋转

rotten
rotten　［ˈrɒtən］
adj. 腐烂的，恶臭的〈同 decayed〉
例 Rotten eggs smell just terrible. 臭鸡蛋闻起来太糟糕了。

rough
rough　［rʌf］
adj. 粗糙的；不平的〈同 coarse〉
例 My feet ached when I walked on the rough road. 在崎岖不平的路上走时我的脚会疼。
联 roughly adv. 粗略地

roughly
roughly［'rʌfli］
adv. 概略地；大致地〈同　approximately, more or less〉
例　The opera should begin at roughly 7:30 pm. 歌剧应该在晚上7:30左右开演。

roundabout
roundabout［'raʊndəbaʊt］
adj. 间接的；转弯抹角的〈同　indirect, circuitous〉
例　He never spoke directly but always in a roundabout way. 他从不直接说，而总是以一种拐弯抹角的方式说出来。

rouse
rouse　［raʊz］
v. ① 唤醒〈同 wake up〉
例 I was roused by the ring of the telephone. 我被电话铃声吵醒了。
例 She was roused to anger by the insult. 她被那种侮辱激怒了。

routine
routine　［ruːˈtiːn］
n. 常规，惯例〈同 convention〉
例 Getting up and going to bed are part of everyone's daily routine. 起床和睡觉是每个人日常生活中的两个部分。
adj. 常规的，日常的〈同 regular〉
例 The workers did their routine tasks in silence. 工人们安静地做着自己的日常工作。
联 routinely adv. 例行公事地；经常地

royal
royal　［ˈrɔɪəl］
adj. 王室的，皇家的
例 The brave knight was honored with an invitation to the royal castle. 那位勇敢的骑士很荣幸地获得了进入皇家城堡的邀请函。
联 royalty n. 皇室；王权；版权

rub
rub　［rʌb］
v. 擦，摩擦
例 Rub your hands to warm them. 搓一搓，让手暖和起来。
联 rubber n. 橡皮，橡胶

rubbery
rubbery［'rʌbəri］
adj. 橡胶似的，有弹力的〈同　elastic, flexible〉
例　People who eat squid say it is very rubbery. 吃鱿鱼的人说它非常有弹性。

rubble
rubble［'rʌbəl］
n.（一堆）碎石，瓦砾
例　Before the new housing project could be built, it was necessary to tear down the old houses and remove the rubble. 在新住宅项目开建之前，必须推倒旧房子，并清除碎石。

rudimentary
rudimentary［ˌru:dɪ'mentəri］
adj. 基本的；初步的，发展未完全的〈同　elementary; primary, undeveloped〉
例　The alphabet is rudimentary knowledge for students. 字母表是学生们要掌握的基础知识。

rugged
rugged［'rʌgɪd］
adj. 高低不平的；崎岖的〈同　uneven, rough〉
例　Most of British Columbia is mountainous, with long, rugged ranges running north and south. 不列颠哥伦比亚省的大部分地区都是山区，多是自北向南蜿蜒崎岖的山脉。

ruin
ruin　［ˈruːɪn］
v. 破坏，毁灭〈同 destroy〉
例 There was a flash flood, and the dam was ruined. 洪水爆发，冲毁了大坝。
联 ruins n. 废墟，遗迹

rumble
rumble［'rʌmbəl］
n. 隆隆声，辘辘行驶声〈同　thunder〉
例　The avalanche's rumble was heard down in the valley. 在山谷里能够听到雪崩的隆隆声。
v. 发出低沉的隆隆声〈同　roar, growl〉
例　The baby tiger rumbled at the man who approached. 小虎崽对接近它的那个人低声咆哮。

rumor
rumor　［ˈruːmə(r)］
n. 流言，谣言，传闻
例 The rumor spread that a new school would be built here. 有传言说这里将建一所新学校。

rupture
rupture［'rʌptʃə(r)］
n./v. 破裂，裂开〈同 break, crack〉
例　We must fix the dam before it ruptures. 我们必须在大坝决口前修复它。

rural
rural　［ˈrʊərəl］
adj. 农村的，乡下的，田园的〈同 country〉
例 Tired of the big city, the writer moved to a quiet rural town. 那位作家厌倦了大城市的生活，于是搬到了一个宁静的乡村小镇上去。

rust
rust［rʌst］
n. 锈，生锈
例　The iron gate was covered with rust. 铁门锈迹斑斑。

rustic
rustic［'rʌstɪk］
adj. 乡村的，乡下风格的〈同　rural〉
例　A rustic life is supposed to be a tranquil one. 乡下生活应该是安静的。

ruthless
ruthless［'ru:θlɪs］
adj. 无同情心的，残忍的〈同　unmerciful, heartless〉
例　The bank robbers were ruthless and left no survivors. 银行劫匪非常残忍，没有留下任何活口。

sack
sack　［sæk］
n.（一）袋；麻袋〈同 bag〉
例 Clutched in the guard's hands was a sack full of rubbish. 保安手里抓着的是一个装满垃圾的麻袋。
联 haversack n. 背包，干粮袋

sacred
sacred［'seɪkrɪd］
adj. 神圣的，不可冒犯的〈同 divine〉
例　Mecca is a sacred Islamic city. 麦加是穆斯林的圣城。

sacrifice
sacrifice　［ˈsækrɪfaɪs］
n./v. 牺牲，献身
例 He sacrificed his life trying to save the children from the burning house. 为了从着火的房子里救出孩子们，他牺牲了自己的生命。

saddle
saddle　［ˈsædəl］
n. 鞍子，马鞍
例 Anne put the saddle on the horse's back and rode away. 安妮把马鞍放在马背上，然后骑上马走了。

safeguard
safeguard［'seɪfgɑ:d］
vt. 保护，捍卫〈同 protect〉
例　The life vests safeguarded against people drowning in the water. 救生衣能保护人们不溺水。
n. 安全装置，安全措施〈同 protection〉
例　The autopilot device is a safeguard for planes in case something happens to the pilot. 自动驾驶仪能在飞行员发生意外的情况下保护飞机。

saga
saga［'sɑ:gə］
n. 英雄传奇〈同　legend〉
例　The saga of a lone man confronting the turbulent oceans in a small boat is an exploit we find laudable. 一个人单身一人乘一条小船面对狂暴的大海，这样的传奇事迹在我们看来是值得称赞的壮举。

sail
sail　［seɪl］
n. 帆；篷
例 Sails were traditionally made of canvas, but now they are usually made of synthetic material. 传统的船帆是用帆布制成的，但现在则通常用合成材料制成。
v. 航行〈同 travel〉
例 As the ship sailed by, everyone on deck waved. 当船驶过的时候，甲板上的所有人都挥手致意。
联 sailboat n. 帆船；sailor n. 海员，水手

saint
saint［seɪnt］
n. 圣人，道德崇高的人〈同 holy person〉
例　Her endless good deeds made her a saint in the eyes of many. 她不停地行善使她成为许多人眼里的圣人。

sake
sake［seɪk］
n. 缘故；原因〈同　purpose〉
例　The greedy man would do anything for money's sake. 为了钱，那个贪婪的人可以做任何事情。

salient
salient［'seɪlɪənt］
adj. 显著的，突出的〈同　conspicuous, noticeable〉
例　Mike has two salient characteristics: an unusually prominent nose and extremely large ears. 迈克有两个突出的特点：一个异常高挺的鼻子和超大的耳朵。

saline
saline［'seɪlaɪn; (US)'seɪli:n］
adj. 含盐的，咸的〈同　salty〉
例　The slightly saline taste of this mineral water is pleasant. 这种矿泉水略带咸味的口味非常好喝。

salute
salute［sə'lu:t; sə'lju:t］
n. 致敬〈同　greeting〉
例　The soldier gave a salute and the officer returned it. 士兵敬礼，军官还礼。

sample
sample　［ˈsɑːmpəl; (US)ˈsæmpəl］
n. 范例，样品〈同 example〉
例 There was a free sample of shampoo attached to the front of the magazine. 杂志封面上附有一份免费的洗发水小样。

sanctimonious
sanctimonious［ˌsæŋktɪ'məʊnɪəs］
adj. 假装诚实的，伪装虔诚的〈同　hypocritical〉
例　You do not have to be so sanctimonious to prove that you are devout. 你不必如此虚伪地证明自己是虔诚的。

sanction
sanction［'sæŋkʃən］
n. ① 制裁〈同 prohibition, penalty〉
例　The United Nations enforced a sanction against the country that violated international law. 联合国对违反国际法的国家实施制裁。
例　Unless you have your parents' sanction, you cannot go to the party tonight. 你今天晚上不能去参加派对，除非得到了你父母的同意。

sanctuary
sanctuary［'sæŋktjʊəri; (US)-ʊeri］
n. ①圣所，圣殿〈同　holy place〉
例　The exiled king sought sanctuary in the church. 那个被流放的国王到教堂寻求庇护。
例　The beautiful garden was her sanctuary from the world. 那个美丽的花园是她逃离这个世界的避难所。

sandwich
sandwich　［ˈsænwɪʤ; ˈsænwɪtʃ］
n. 夹心面包，三明治
例 Mary ate a jelly sandwich for lunch. 玛丽午餐吃了一个果冻三明治。
vt. 夹入中间
例 He was sandwiched between two large boxes on the seat. 他被夹在座位上的两个大箱子中间。

sandy
sandy［'sændi］
adj. 沙的，多沙的
例　The children liked to go to the sandy beach and build sand castles. 孩子们喜欢去沙滩盖沙堡。

sanitation
sanitation［ˌsænɪ'teɪ∫ən］
n.（公共、环境的）卫生，卫生设施〈同　health, hygiene〉
例　The city's Department of Sanitation oversees garbage removal. 那座城市的公共卫生部负责监督垃圾清运。

sap
sap［sæp］
n. 树液，汁液〈同　fluid〉
例　Rising sap carries water and minerals from the roots. 上升的树液从根部带走了水和矿物质。
vt. 使衰竭〈同　drain, exhaust〉
例　Fasting quickly sapped his strength. 禁食迅速折损了他的力量。

sarcastic
sarcastic［sɑ:'kæstɪk］
adj. 讽刺的，挖苦的〈同　ironic, cynical〉
例　“Don't hurry!”was her husband's sarcastic comment as she slowly dressed.“别着急！”是每次她慢慢打扮的时候，她丈夫的挖苦话。

satire
satire［'sætaɪə(r)］
n. 讽刺；讽刺文学〈同　lampoonery, caricature〉
例　The newspaper's goofy cartoon of the president was a political satire. 报纸上刊登的关于总统的滑稽漫画，是一种政治讽刺作品。

saturate
saturate［'sætʃəreɪt］
vt. 浸透，使湿透〈同 soak〉
例　Their clothes were saturated by the rain. 他们的衣服被雨水浸透了。

sausage
sausage　［ˈsɒsɪʤ; (US)ˈsɔːsɪʤ］
n. 香肠，腊肠
例 David fried some sausages for dinner. 戴维煎了一些香肠做晚餐。

savage
savage［'sævɪʤ］
adj. 野蛮的，未开化的；凶猛的，残忍的〈同 barbarian, fierce〉
例　The hunter tried to fend off the tiger's savage attack. 猎人试着避开老虎凶猛的攻击。

saw
saw［sɔ:］
v. 锯，锯开
例　They sawed off the dead branches from the tree. 他们锯掉了树上枯萎的树枝。
n. 锯子〈同 cutter〉
例　The teeth of the saw broke when it hit metal. 锯子碰到金属的时候，锯齿断了。

scale
scale　［skeɪl］
vt. 攀登〈同 climb〉
例 Monica scaled the ladder and painted her house. 莫妮卡爬上梯子，粉刷了她的房子。
n. 等级；刻度；规模〈同 level; scope〉
例 A large-scale price deduction will be made around the Christmas season. 圣诞节期间将进行大规模减价。

scan
scan　［skæn］
vt. 扫描；细看，审视〈同 survey〉
例 John scanned the reading assignment briefly before class. 约翰在上课之前大体浏览了一遍阅读作业。
联 scanner n. 扫描器

scandal
scandal［'skændəl］
n. 丑闻〈同 disgrace〉
例　The president had to resign because of the scandal. 由于丑闻事件，总统不得不下台。

scanty
scanty［'skænti］
adj. 缺乏的，不足的〈同 insufficient, sparse〉
例　In the end they came to the conclusion that evidence is scanty. 最后他们得出结论，认为证据不足。

scapegoat
scapegoat［'skeɪpgəut］
n. 替罪羊，代人受过的人〈同　victim〉
例　The innocent manager was made the scapegoat for the corrupt dealings of her employees. 那名无辜的经理成了其下属员工舞弊交易的替罪羊。

scar
scar［skɑ:(r)］
n. 疤痕，伤痕
例　The cut on his finger from when he was cooking left a scar. 他在做饭的时候切伤了手指，留下了伤疤。

scarce
scarce　［skɛəs］
adj. 缺乏的，稀有的，罕见的〈同 rare〉
例 Chromium is a comparatively scarce element, occurring in nature only in compounds. 铬是一种相对稀有的元素，在自然状态下只会出现在化合物中。
记 注意不要和scare（惊恐）相混
联 scarcely adv. 几乎不，简直没有；scarcity n. 缺乏，不足

scare
scare　［skɛə(r)］
v. 惊吓，（使）受惊〈同 frighten〉
例 Courageous people can't be scared easily. 勇敢的人们不会轻易被吓倒。

scarlet
scarlet［'skɑ:lɪt］
adj. 猩红的，鲜红的〈同　bright red〉
例　The knight's sword was scarlet after the battle. 战斗结束后，那名骑士的剑变成了猩红色。

scatter
scatter　［ˈskætə(r)］
v. 分散，扩散〈同 spread〉
例 If you scatter salt on the sidewalk, it will melt the ice. 如果你在人行道上撒些盐，就能融化冰。

scavenger
scavenger［'skævɪnʤə(r)］
n. 清道夫，食腐动物
例　The raccoon is a scavenger and searches through the trash for food. 浣熊是食腐动物，会在垃圾中寻找食物。

scenery
scenery　［ˈsiːnəri］
n. 风景，景色〈同 landscape〉
例 She enjoys mountain scenery very much. 她非常喜欢山上的风景。
联 scenic adj. 景色优美的

scent
scent［sent］
n. 气味，香味〈同 odor, fragrance〉
例　The scent of the perfume reminded him of his first girlfriend. 香水的气味使他想起了他第一个女朋友。

schedule
schedule　［ˈʃedjuːl; (US)ˈskeʤʊl］
n. 时间表；计划表〈同 timetable〉
例 On the airline schedule, I saw that there was a flight to Osaka at seven o'clock. 在航班时刻表上，我看到有一班7点钟飞往大阪的飞机。
vt. 预定，安排〈同 arrange〉
例 Flight 220 is scheduled to arrive at 10:30 p.m. 220航班预计抵达时间为晚上10:30。
联 reschedule v. 重新计划，重订…的时间表

scheme
scheme　［skiːm］
n. ① 方案〈同 design〉
例 There's a new scheme in our town for recycling plastic bottles. 我们城市有一个回收塑料瓶的新方案。
例 They have a scheme to bring the jewels into the country without paying duty. 他们有一个阴谋，想不交税，偷偷把珠宝带进这个国家。

scholar
scholar　［ˈskɒlə(r)］
n. 学者
例 The professor was a famous scholar. 那名教授是一位非常著名的学者。
联 scholarly adj. 学者气质的；scholarship n. 奖学金

scissors
scissors　［ˈsɪzəz］
n. 剪刀
例 These scissors are rather blunt—I'll have to get them sharpened. 这把剪刀非常钝——我得把它们磨得锋利一些。

scissors
scissors［'sɪzəz］
n. 剪刀
解　a cutting implement having two crossed pivoting blades
例　The technician used scissors to cut the electrical wire. 技工用剪刀剪断了电线。

scope
scope　［skəʊp］
n. 范围，界限〈同 range, extent〉
例 This objective is beyond the scope of our project. 这个目标超出了我们项目的范围。
联 microscope n. 显微镜；telescope n. 望远镜

score
score　［skɔː(r)］
n. ① 分数，得分
例 He had a nearly perfect score on the history exam. 他历史考试几乎满分。
例 How can someone be a conductor if he can't read the score? 如果一个人看不懂乐谱，怎么可能成为一名指挥家？
v. 记分
例 She scored five points for our team. 她为我们队得了五分。

scorn
scorn［skɔ:n］
n./vt. 轻蔑，不屑做〈同 belittle〉
例　Her friends scorned at her for wearing such a short dress. 她的朋友嘲笑她穿了一条很短的裙子。

scotch
scotch［'skɒtʃ］
v. 镇压，粉碎〈同　put an end to〉
例　Our picnic plans were scotched when the rain started. 开始下雨了，所以我们的野餐计划泡汤了。

scour
scour［'skaʊə(r)］
vt. 冲刷，擦掉〈同　scrub, rub〉
例　You'll have to scour those old cooking pots before you use them. 在用那些旧锅之前，你必须把它们洗刷干净。

scout
scout　［skaʊt］
n. 侦察；侦察员；侦察机〈同 spy〉
例 The scout spied on the village during the night. 侦察机夜间在那个村庄上空侦查。
vt. 侦察；搜索〈同 probe〉
例 The policemen scouted the whole city for the robber. 保安人员全城搜索抢劫犯。

scramble
scramble［'skræmbəl］
vt. 搅乱，使混杂〈同　jumble, mix〉
例　The magician scrambled the cards that I had chosen with the rest of the deck. 魔术师把我挑选的扑克牌与剩余的牌洗乱。

scrap
scrap［skræp］
n. 废料，残余物〈同 fragment〉
例　The archaeological records are based on scraps of stone, bone and earthenware. 考古学的记录基于对一些石头、骨头和陶器的碎片的研究。
vt. 废弃，扔弃〈同 throw away〉
例　If the weather doesn't get any better, we may have to scrap our plans for this afternoon's picnic. 如果天气还不好转，我们可能会取消下午野餐的计划。

scrape
scrape　［skreɪp］
vt. 刮掉，擦掉〈同 rub against〉
例 He drove too close to the wall and scraped his car. 他开车时离墙太近，结果把车刮坏了。

scrape
scrape［skreɪp］
n. 刮，擦；擦痕
例　The doctor said the scrape on his arm would heal in a week. 医生说他胳膊上的擦伤一周后就会痊愈。
vi. 刮掉，擦掉〈同 rub〉
例　He fell off his bike and scraped his arm on the sidewalk. 他从自行车上摔下来，胳膊在人行道上擦伤了。

scratch
scratch　［skrætʃ］
v. 搔，抓，擦〈同 scrape〉
例 The cat scratched the piano leg with its claw. 猫用爪子抓钢琴腿。
n. 划痕
例 There are scratches on my arm where my cat clawed me. 我胳膊上有些抓痕，那是我的猫用爪子抓的。

screen
screen［skri:n］
n. 屏幕
例　He cleaned his computer screen every day to make sure he could see clearly. 他每天擦拭电脑显示屏，以便能清楚地看清上面显示的信息。
vt. 甄别，审查〈同 examine〉
例　All women over 50 will be screened for breast cancer, because this disease is often found in this age group. 所有50岁以上的妇女都要做乳腺癌的筛查，因为这种疾病在这个年龄段高发。

screw
screw　［skruː］
n. 螺旋，螺丝
例 He loosens a screw with a screwdriver. 他用螺丝刀松开了一个螺丝。
v. 旋紧，拧紧
例 Screw the lid on the jar. 拧紧罐子上的盖子。
联 screwdriver n. 螺丝刀

script
script［skrɪpt］
n. 手稿，手迹；剧本
例　She wrote the script for the popular movie. 是她为这部很受欢迎的电影写的剧本。

scruple
scruple［'skru:pəl］
n. 踌躇；顾忌〈同　hesitation〉
例　She has moral and religious scruples which prevent her from eating meat. 她有道德与宗教方面的顾虑，让她不能吃肉。

scrutiny
scrutiny［'skru:tɪni; (US)'skru:təni］
n. 详细审查〈同 inspection〉
例　The professor's scrutiny of the student's essay was thorough. 教授十分详细地检查学生写的文章。

scuba
scuba［'sku:bə］
n. 水中呼吸器
例　He bought a scuba for the diving trip. 为了这次潜水之旅，他买了一个水中呼吸器。

sculpture
sculpture［'skʌlptʃə(r)］
n. 雕塑；雕刻品〈同 statue〉
例　Sculpture is the art of shaping solid materials. 雕刻是塑造坚硬物体的艺术。

seal
seal　［siːl］
n. 印章，图章
例 The seal of the United States is stamped on important government papers. 美国国徽会被印在重要的政府文件上。
v. 盖章于；密封〈同 mark〉
例 The treaty was signed and sealed by both governments. 该协议由双方政府签字和盖章。

seam
seam［si:m］
n. 接缝，缝合线
例　The shirt was so old that its seams were coming apart. 这件衬衫太破旧了，接缝都裂开了。

seasoning
seasoning［'si:zənɪŋ］
n. 调味品，调料〈同　flavoring, spice〉
例　She added seasoning to the chicken before she put it in the oven. 她给鸡撒上作料，然后把它放进了烤炉。

seclusion
seclusion［sɪ'klu:∫ən］
n. 独处，隐居〈同　solitude, isolation〉
例　A hermit likes to live in seclusion. 隐士喜欢住在隐蔽的地方。

seclusion
seclusion［sɪ'klu:ʒən］
n. 隐居，隐遁；隔离
解　the act of secluding; isolation
例　A hermit likes to live in seclusion. 隐居者喜欢居住在与世隔绝的地方。
构　se (=away) + clus (=to shut) + ion

secondary
secondary　［ˈsekəndri; (US)ˈsekənderi］
adj. ① 中级的
例 The proposed reforms include making secondary education compulsory up to the age of 18. 计划进行的改革包括：将中等教育纳入义务教育范围直到学生18岁。
例 Reading fast is secondary to reading well. 读得快比不上读得好。

secrete
secrete［sɪ'kri:t］
vt. 分泌〈同　produce, excrete〉
例　The snake secreted the poison when it bit him. 蛇咬他的时候便分泌出毒液。

sect
sect［sekt］
n. 宗派，教派〈同　party, faction〉
例　A small sect broke off from the main group to practice their own beliefs. 为了他们自己的信仰，一个小的派别从主组织中分裂了出去。

section
section［'sekʃən］
n. 部分；节〈同 part, segment〉
例　This section of the library has many books about studying English. 图书馆的这个部分有许多关于英语学习的书籍。

secular
secular［'sekjʊlə(r)］
adj. 世俗的，尘世的〈同　earthly, worldly〉
例　The church leaders decided not to interfere in secular matters. 宗教领袖决定不干涉世俗事务。

secure
secure　［sɪˈkjʊə(r)］
vt. ① 使安全，保卫〈同 anchor〉
例 We secured all of the doors of the lab before leaving. 在离开之前，我们把实验室的所有门都关好了。
例 Secure your tickets early. 早点把票弄到手。
adj. 安全的；确定无疑的〈同 safe〉
例 We know in advance that our victory is secure. 我们提前就知道我们必胜无疑。
联 security n. 安全

sedentary
sedentary［'sedəntəri; (US)'sedənteri］
adj. ①（指人或动物）土生的，不移徙的
例　Most Algonquin Indian tribes except those of the north were sedentary and carried on agriculture with varying degrees of intensity. 除北方的部落外，大多数阿尔冈昆印第安部落都是定居的部落，并从事一定强度的农业生产。
例　Because he had a sedentary occupation, he decided to visit a gymnasium weekly. 由于他从事一个久坐不动的职业，因此他决定每周都去体育馆健身。

sediment
sediment［'sedɪmənt］
n. 沉积物，沉淀物〈同　deposit, precipitate〉
例　The sediment in your orange juice is orange pulp. 橘子汁内的沉淀物是橘子的果肉。

seduce
seduce［sɪ'dju:s; (US)sɪ'du:s］
vt. 勾引，诱惑〈同　tempt, entice〉
例　The glamor of the big city seduced the country boy. 大城市的魅力诱惑着那个乡下男孩。

seedling
seedling［'si:dlɪŋ］
n. 秧苗，树苗
例　The seedling was removed from the pot and placed in the ground. 幼苗被从花盆里移出，然后种在了地里。

seemingly
seemingly［'si:mɪŋli］
adv. 表面上，似乎〈同 apparently〉
例　The seemingly occasional accident is actually purposely designed. 看上去似乎是偶然的意外事故实际上是蓄意谋划的。

segment
segment［'segmənt］
n. 部分；片段〈同 sector, portion〉
例　A meter is divided into one hundred segments of one centimeter each. 1米可以分成100个1厘米。

segregate
segregate［'segrɪgeɪt］
vt. 分离，隔离〈同 isolate〉
例　The staff segregated the boys from the girls during gym class. 在上健身课的时候，工作人员把男孩和女孩分开。

seismic
seismic［'saɪzmɪk］
adj. 地震的；由地震引起的
例　The Richter scale is a measurement of seismic disturbances. 里氏震级是对地震扰动的测量单位。

selection
selection［sɪ'lekʃən］
n. 选择，挑选；选集，精选品〈同 choice, collection〉
例　His selection as a candidate was assured. 他将被挑出当候选人，这事已确定无疑。

selective
selective［sɪ'lektɪv］
adj. 选择的，选择性的
解　selecting; having the power to select
例　The university is highly selective of applicants and values a well-rounded profile. 这所大学对入学申请者的挑选非常严格，并且看重个人经历的丰富性。
同　selectivity n. 挑拣

semester
semester　［sɪˈmestə(r)］
n. 学期〈同 term〉
例 Many students arrange internships or work-study placements during the second semester. 许多学生在第二学期安排实习或申请勤工俭学。

seminar
seminar［'semɪnɑ:(r)］
n. 研究会，讨论会〈同 conference〉
例　The professor gave a one-hour seminar on the laws of physics. 教授给了一个小时来研讨物理定律。

senate
senate　［ˈsenət］
n. [S-] 议会；参议院，上院
例 The law has no chance of being passed by the Senate. 这部法律毫无机会被议会通过。
联 senator n. 参议员

senior
senior　［ˈsiːnɪə(r)］
adj. 年长的；资格较老的；地位较高的〈同 older〉
例 Some senior members of the staff have worked here for more man 20 years. 有些资深的员工已经在这里工作了20多年了。

sensation
sensation［sen'seɪʃən］
n. 感觉，知觉〈同 feeling〉
例　Sticking my feet into the pool was a cold sensation. 我把脚伸到水池里，感觉很冷。

sensational
sensational［sen'seɪ∫ənəl］
adj. 极好的，绝妙的；引起轰动的〈同　exceptional; spectacular〉
例　Everyone clapped after the class president's sensational speech at the graduation ceremony. 班长在毕业典礼上做了精彩的演讲，演讲结束后，所有人都热烈鼓掌。

sensible
sensible　［ˈsensəbəl］
例 His sensible decision greatly promoted our enterprise. 他明智的决定极大地促进了我们公司的发展。
例 A sensible trend is that people are using computers more. 一个非常明显的趋势是，人们越来越多地使用计算机。
记 sens（感觉）+ible→可感觉到的
联 sensibility n. 敏感性；感性

sensitive
sensitive　［ˈsensətɪv］
例 Dogs are more sensitive to odors than people are. 狗比人对气味更敏感。
例 Bob is too sensitive about what people think about him. 鲍勃过于在意人们对他的看法。
记 sens（感觉）+itive→敏感的
联 sensitively adv. 神经过敏地；sensitivity n. 敏感；hypersensitive adj. 非常敏感的；photosensitive adj.【物】感光性的

sensory
sensory［'sensəri］
adj. 感觉的，感官的〈同　perceptive〉
例　Sharks have sensory organs that can detect faint electrical fields from other fish. 鲨鱼长有感觉器官，可以探测到其他鱼类微弱的电场。

sentence
sentence［'sentəns］
n./vt. 宣判，判决
例　His sentence for the crime was 10 years. 他因这项罪名被判十年监禁。

sentimental
sentimental［ˌsentɪ'mentəl］
adj. 感伤的，感情脆弱的〈同 emotional〉
例　It's a cheap ring but it has great sentimental value for me. 这枚戒指虽然便宜，但对于我而言有巨大的情感价值。

sequence
sequence　［ˈsiːkwəns］
n. 序列；顺序〈同 progression; order〉
例 Arrange the names in alphabetical sequence. 按字母顺序排列姓名。

sequential
sequential［sɪ'kwenʃəl］
adj. 连续的，一连串的
解　in regular succession without gaps
例　Casino players often organize their cards in sequential order. 人们玩卡西诺纸牌游戏时通常会把手中的牌按顺序排列起来。

series
series　［ˈsɪəriːz］
n. 连续；系列〈同 group〉
例 A series of rainy days spoiled their vacation. 连续的雨天让他们的假期泡汤了。

serious
serious　［ˈsɪərɪəs］
adj. ① 严肃的，认真的〈同 solemn〉
例 Are you joking or are you serious？你是开玩笑呢，还是认真的？
例 It's a serious illness—you can die of it. 这是一种严重的疾病——你可能会因此而丧生。
联 seriously adv. 认真地；庄重地

serrated
serrated［sə'reɪtɪd; (US)se'reɪtɪd］
adj. 锯齿状的〈同　jagged, serrulated〉
例　The beech tree is one of many plants that have serrated leaves. 许多种植物长有锯齿状的叶子，山毛榉树是其中之一。

session
session　［ˈseʃən］
n. ① 会议〈同 formal meeting〉
例 The UN Security Council held an emergency session to discuss the crisis. 联合国安理会召开了紧急会议来讨论此次危机。
例 There'll be a question-and-answer session at the end of this morning's lecture. 今天上午的演讲结束后，将有一个问答环节。

setting
setting　［ˈsetɪŋ］
n. 环境；背景〈同 background〉
例 The villa has a beautiful setting overlooking the sea. 这栋别墅环境优美，可以眺望大海。

severe
severe　［sɪˈvɪə(r)］
adj. ① 严厉的；严峻的〈同 harsh〉
例 The judge gave the criminal a severe sentence. 法官对罪犯作出了重刑判决。
例 The weather service issued a severe storm warning for most of Michigan. 气象部门向密歇根州的大部分地区发布了强风暴警告。
联 severity n. 严肃，严重

sewerage
sewerage［'su:ərɪʤ］
n. 排水系统
例　The city's sewerage system was built one hundred years ago, and needs to be updated. 这座城市的排水设施始建于100年前，需要进行翻新。

shabby
shabby［'ʃæbi］
adj. 破旧的，褴褛的〈同 worn〉
例　When Janet moved into her boyfriend's apartment, she would not let him keep that old shabby couch. 当珍妮特搬到男朋友公寓的时候，她是不会让他还留着那个破旧的沙发的。

shade
shade［ʃeɪd］
n. ① 荫，阴凉处；阴影〈同 shadow〉
例　The only shade on the treeless street was his own shadow. 在没有树的街上，唯一的阴凉就是他自己的影子。
例　I lowered all of the window shades so people couldn't see in. 我把所有的窗帘都放了下来，这样人们就看不见里面了。

shaft
shaft［ʃɑ:ft; (US)ʃæft］
n. 杆状物，轴
例　The soldiers were taught to break the shafts of arrows that had penetrated their flesh. 士兵们受到训练，身体中箭后，要折断箭的杆部。

shallow
shallow　［ˈʃæləʊ］
adj. 浅的〈同 superficial〉
例 The stream was quite shallow so we were able to walk across it. 小溪很浅，所以我们可以步行穿过去。

sharpen
sharpen［'ʃɑ:pən］
vt. 削尖；使敏锐，使敏捷〈同 make pointed, improve〉
例　The pianist practices a lot to sharpen his playing. 钢琴家通过大量练习使演奏更加熟练。

shatter
shatter［'ʃætə(r)］
v.（使）粉碎，（使）破碎〈同 destroy, break up〉
例　The stone shattered the window. 石头打碎了窗玻璃。

shave
shave　［ʃeɪv］
v. 剃；刮脸〈同 cut hair off〉
例 The actor shaved his head in order to portray a bald man. 为了饰演一位秃顶的人，那位演员剃光了头发。

shear
shear　［ʃɪə(r)］
v. 剪，修剪，剪切〈同 cut〉
例 The farmer taught her how to shear sheep. 农民教她如何剪羊毛。

sheath
sheath［∫i:ð］
n. 鞘，外壳〈同　holder, scabbard〉
例　He bought a sheath along with the sword so no one would hurt themselves on his sword. 他买了一把剑，带有一个剑鞘，这样就不会有人被他的剑弄伤了。

shed
shed　［ʃed］
vt. ① 脱落，蜕〈同 fall off〉
例 Deciduous trees shed all or nearly all of their leaves each year. 每年，落叶阔木的所有叶子或者几乎所有叶子都会掉光。
例 She shed a few tears at her daughter's wedding. 她在女儿的婚礼上流下了眼泪。

sheer
sheer［ʃɪə(r)］
adj. ① 陡峭的〈同 steep〉
例　From the top of the wall it was a sheer drop of 100 feet to the water below. 从墙顶到水面有100英尺的垂直落差。
例　Don't believe him; his words are sheer nonsense. 别相信他，他的话都是一派胡言。

sheet
sheet　［ʃiːt］
n. ①（一）片，（一）张，薄片〈同 piece, layer〉
例 The application form has several sheets of paper. 申请表有几页纸。
例 One of the things I like about staying in hotels is that they put clean sheets on the bed every day. 关于住酒店，我比较喜欢的一件事就是他们每天都会换干净的床单。

shell
shell　［ʃel］
n. 壳〈同 husk〉
例 Oysters, turtles, and beetles all have shells. 牡蛎、乌龟和甲虫都有壳。
联 eggshell n. 蛋壳；shellfish n. 贝类水生动物

shelter
shelter　［ˈʃeltə(r)］
n. 掩蔽处；庇护所〈同 asylum〉
例 Everyone looked for shelter from the blazing sun. 每个人都在寻找阴凉儿以躲避炎炎烈日。
vt. 掩蔽〈同 protect〉
例 The mother bird sheltered her chicks from the cold. 鸟妈妈保护幼鸟不受寒冷的侵袭。
联 sheltered adj. 遮蔽的

shepherd
shepherd［'ʃepəd］
n. 牧羊人；牧羊犬
例　The shepherd led the sheep back home. 牧羊人赶着羊回家了。

shield
shield　［ʃiːld］
v. 庇护，保护〈同 protect〉
例 Politicians often shield criminals for their self-interest. 政客们经常出于自身利益包庇罪犯。
n. 盾；保护物
例 The shield protects your eyes from damage. 这个护眼罩可以保护你的眼睛不受伤害。
记 要牢记shield的原始意义是“盾”，其他意义都由此引申而来
联 windshield n. 挡风玻璃

shift
shift　［ʃɪft］
v. 移动，改变位置或方向〈同 change〉
例 When the wind shifted from south to north, it began to get cold. 当南风变成北风时，天气就开始变冷了。
n. ① 轮班〈同 turn〉
例 She is on the night shift this week. 她这周上夜班。
例 The shift in the wind was helpful to the sailors. 风向的变化对水手们很有帮助。
联 shifting adj. 变动的；运动的；shifty adj. 诡诈的，不老实的

shipment
shipment［'ʃɪpmənt］
n. 装运；装载的货物
例　The company sent the shipment of furniture directly to my house. 公司直接装上家具，送到我家。

shiver
shiver［'∫ɪvə(r)］
n./v. 颤抖〈同　quiver, tremble〉
例　She shivered in the cold air. 她在寒风中瑟瑟发抖。

shock
shock　［ʃɒk］
n. 震动，震惊；打击〈同 tremble〉
例 Her mother's death was a great shock. It was so unexpected. 母亲的离世对她是个沉重的打击。一切来得太突然了。
vt. 震惊，激怒〈同 stun〉
例 The news of Anne's accident shocked me. 安妮出车祸的消息让我震惊。
联 shocking adj. 骇人听闻的；shocked adj. 震惊的，震撼的

shortcut
shortcut［'∫ɔ:tkʌt］
n. 捷径〈同　a direct route〉
例　They took a shortcut to get to the airport faster. 为了更快地到达机场，他们抄了一条近路。

shot
shot［ʃɒt］
n. ① 照相，相片〈同 photograph〉
例　The photographer took many shots of the actor arriving at the event. 摄影师拍摄了许多演员到达现场的照片。
例　The hunter's shot was too high and the rabbit escaped. 猎人射击位置过高，兔子跑了。

shower
shower　［ˈʃaʊə(r)］
n. 阵雨；淋浴
例 Mary turned off the shower and dried herself with a towel. 玛丽关上淋浴，用毛巾把身上擦干。

shrewd
shrewd［ʃru:d］
adj. 精明的〈同 clever, sharp〉
例　The shrewd student received the highest score in the class. 这个聪明的学生得到了全班最高分。

shriek
shriek［∫ri:k］
v. 尖声叫喊〈同　scream〉
例　She shrieked at the sight of the mouse. 她一看到老鼠便尖叫起来。
n. 尖叫，尖声
例　We heard the shrieks from next door and called the police. 我们听到了隔壁的尖叫声，然后报了警。

shrink
shrink　［ʃrɪŋk］
vi. 收缩，缩小〈同 contract〉
例 Because my shirt had shrunk, I gave it to my younger cousin. 我的衬衣缩水了，所以我把它送给了我堂弟。
联 shrinkage n. 收缩

shrivel
shrivel［'∫rɪvəl］
v.（使）枯萎〈同　wither, shrink〉
例　She ought to pick the lettuce before it shrivels and dies. 她应该在莴苣枯死之前把它摘走。

shrub
shrub［∫rʌb］
n. 灌木；灌木丛〈同　bush〉
例　Shrubs can make a cute border around the lawn but they do not provide any privacy because of their low height. 灌木可以沿草坪形成一个可爱的边界，但它们无法保证任何私密性，因为它们太矮了。

shrug
shrug［ʃrʌg］
n./v. 耸肩
例　She did not care what brand toothpaste they bought and shrugged her shoulders. 她不在乎他们买了什么牌子的牙膏，只是耸了耸肩。

shuffle
shuffle［'∫ʌfəl］
vt. 洗牌〈同　disorder, jumble〉
例　She shuffled the deck at the beginning of every new card game. 每一局扑克牌开始之前，她都要洗牌。

shutter
shutter［'ʃʌtə(r)］
n. 百叶窗
例　Put the windows down and close the shutters before the storm comes. 暴风雨来临之前把窗户放下来，百叶窗关上。

shuttle
shuttle［'ʃʌtəl］
n. 往返汽车、列车等（穿梭往返固定线路的运输工具）
例　The student took a shuttle from school to the train station. 学生从学校坐穿梭公交去火车站。

sidestep
sidestep［'saɪdstep］
v. 横跨一步躲闪；回避（困难）〈同　avoid, evade〉
例　The player sidestepped his opponent and kicked the ball into the net. 那名球员晃开了对手，把球踢进了球门。

sideways
sideways　［ˈsaɪdweɪz］
adv. 向一旁，向侧面
例 If you would move sideways to the left, I can get everyone in the picture. 如果你往左边移一下，我就能把所有人拍到画面里。

sigh
sigh　［saɪ］
vi. 叹息，叹气
例 James sighed when Ann told him that she would not go to the dance with him. 当安拒绝跟他参加舞会时，詹姆斯叹了一口气。
n. 叹息声
例 The student let out a sigh of relief when he finished the examination. 那个学生考完试之后，松了一口气。

sightseeing
sightseeing　［ˈsaɪtsiːɪŋ］
n. 观光
例 He went on a sightseeing trip to Rome. 他去罗马观光旅游。

sign
sign　［saɪn］
n. 标志；符号〈同 indication〉
例 Ancient people viewed comets as signs of evil. 古代人将彗星视为灾难的标志。
v. 签署；签名〈同 write the name〉
例 He signed at the end of the letter. 他在信的结尾署上自己的名字。

signal
signal　［ˈsɪɡnəl］
n. 信号〈同 sign〉
例 A red light is a signal of danger. 红灯是危险的信号。

signature
signature　［ˈsɪɡnətʃə(r)］
n. 签名，署名
例 The doctor's signature was difficult to read. 医生写的字很难认。

significant
significant　［sɪɡˈnɪfɪkənt］
adj. 有意义的；重要的，重大的〈同 noteworthy〉
例 Proper exercise plays a significant role in the rehabilitation of patients with various back ailments. 对于各种背部疾病的患者来说，适当的锻炼对于康复有着至关重要的作用。
记 sign（记号，信号）+ific（带来）+ant→带有信号的→有意义的
联 significantly adv. 意味深长地；值得注目地；significance n. 意义，含义；重要性；insignificant adj. 无关紧要的，可忽略的

signify
signify［'sɪgnɪfaɪ］
vt. 表示，意味〈同 denote, mean〉
例　The poor results from the test trials signify that the shuttle is not ready for launch. 测试的糟糕结果意味着航天器还无法发射。

silly
silly［'sɪli］
adj. 愚蠢的；糊涂的；傻的〈同　foolish, stupid〉
例　The circus clown was very silly. 那个马戏团的小丑非常可笑。

silt
silt［sɪlt］
n. 淤泥
例　The harbor channel must be dredged annually to remove the silt. 必须每年对海港航道进行疏浚，以清除航道中的淤泥。

similar
similar　［ˈsɪmələ(r)］
adj. 相似的，类似的〈同 comparable〉
例 I bought some new shoes which are very similar to a pair I had had before. 我买了几双新鞋，与我之前的一双鞋非常类似。

simplicity
simplicity［sɪm'plɪsɪti］
n. ①简单〈同　easiness〉
例　The simplicity of that book makes it suitable for children. 那本书简单易懂，适合孩子阅读。
例　A room in a hospital should be furnished with simplicity. 医院里的房间必须简单装修。

simplify
simplify　［ˈsɪmplɪfaɪ］
vt. 单一化，简单化〈同 make easier〉
例 The college simplified its complex entry requirements. 学院简化了复杂的入学要求。
联 simplicity n. 简易

simultaneous
simultaneous［ˌsɪməl'teɪnɪəs; (US)ˌsaɪməl'teɪnɪəs］
adj. 同时的，同时发生的〈同 concurrent〉
例　The network made a simultaneous broadcast by radio and television. 联播网使得广播和电视可以同时播出同一节目。

sin
sin［sɪn］
n. 罪〈同 wrongdoing〉
例　The priest told the children that since they committed sins, they would go to hell. 牧师告诫小孩，如果他们犯下罪孽，就会下地狱。

sincere
sincere　［sɪnˈsɪə(r)］
adj. 诚挚的，真诚的〈同 honest〉
例 He offered a sincere apology for his behavior. 他为自己的行为表达了诚挚的歉意。

single
single　［ˈsɪŋɡəl］
adj. 单一的；单身的〈同 only one〉
例 The sisters share one room with two single beds in it. 俩姐妹共用一个放着两张单人床的房间。

singular
singular　［ˈsɪŋɡjʊlə(r)］
adj. ① 单数的
例 The singular form of “children” is “child”. “children”的单数形式是“child”。
例 John developed a singular manner for dealing with angry people tactfully. 约翰想出来一种巧妙应对生气的人的奇妙方法。

sink
sink　［sɪŋk］
v. 沉下，（使）下沉〈同 go down〉
例 The storm sank two fishing boats. 暴风雨造成两艘渔船沉没。
n. 水槽，水池
例 David's dirty dishes piled up in the kitchen sink. 戴维的脏盘子都堆在厨房的水槽里。

sinuous
sinuous［'sɪnjʊəs］
adj. 蜿蜒的，迂回的〈同　curving, twisting〉
例　Snakes move by the sinuous motion of the muscles in their bodies. 蛇通过身体肌肉的弯曲动作向前移动。

site
site　［saɪt］
n. 地点，地方〈同 place〉
例 The ambulance rushed to the accident site. 急救车迅速赶往事故现场。

skeleton
skeleton［'skelɪtən］
n. 骨架；梗概〈同 framework〉
例　The students studied the skeleton in their biology class. 学生们在生物课上研究骨骼模型。

skeptical
skeptical［'skeptɪkəl］
adj. 怀疑的；多疑的〈同 suspicious〉
例　I am skeptical of his methods; they do not seem very scientific to me. 我对他的方法持怀疑态度，我认为这些方法不太科学。

sketch
sketch　［sketʃ］
n. 草图；素描〈同 outline〉
例 My mother made a pencil sketch of my brother reading a book. 我妈妈画了一幅弟弟读书的铅笔素描。
v. 打草稿；素描〈同 draw, delineate〉
例 He sketched out a plan for his inferiors to execute. 他草拟了一个方案，交给下属去执行。
联 sketchy adj. 粗略的

skim
skim　［skɪm］
v. ① 撇去
例 We made a contest to see who could skim a flat stone over the water the farthest. 我们进行打水漂比赛，看谁的扁平石头在水面上飞的距离最远。
例 I've only skimmed over his letter. I haven't read it carefully yet. 我只是粗略地浏览了一下他的信。我还没有仔细读。

skimp
skimp［skɪmp］
v. 节省，节俭；吝啬〈同　stint, spare〉
例　They were forced to skimp on necessities in order to make their limited supplies last the winter. 为了使他们有限的物资能够维持一个冬天，他们不得不节约使用生活必需品。

skip
skip［skɪp］
v. ① 跳〈同 jump, hop〉
例　He skipped from rock to rock. 他从一块岩石上跳到另一块岩石上。
例　He got into trouble after he skipped class. 他逃课之后遇到麻烦了。

skyrocket
skyrocket［skaɪ'rɒkɪt］
vi. 猛涨，突增〈同　rise quickly, soar〉
例　Sales skyrocketed after the release of the new advertisements. 新广告推出之后，商品销量暴涨。

skyscraper
skyscraper［'skaɪskreɪpə(r)］
n. 摩天大楼〈同 edifice〉
例　Skyscrapers were the tallest buildings in the city. 摩天大楼曾是这个城市最高的建筑。

slab
slab［slæb］
n.（四边形的厚物质）板，片〈同　a broad〉
例　Talc, a soft mineral with a variety of uses, is sold in slabs or in powdered form. 云母是一种用途广泛的软矿石，通常以板或粉末的形式出售。

slack
slack［slæk］
adj. ① 疏忽的〈同 negligent〉
例　The manager criticized them for being slack at their jobs; they omitted many details and incurred a lot of mistakes. 经理批评他们工作马虎；他们遗漏了很多细节，导致发生了许多错误。
例　The slack rope needed to be tightened to make it more secure. 需要把松弛的绳索系紧，这样会更安全。

slam
slam　［slæm］
v. ① 砰地关上
例 She slammed the window down. 她“砰”的一声把窗户关上了。
例 That car slammed into a truck. 那辆小汽车猛地撞在一辆卡车上。

slander
slander［'slɑ:ndə(r); (US)'slændər］
n./v. 诽谤〈同　defamation; malign〉
例　Unless you can prove your allegations, your remarks constitute slander. 除非你能证明你的主张，否则你的话就构成了诽谤。

slap
slap［slæp］
n./vt. 拍，拍击；掌击〈同 strike〉
例　She slapped him in the face after he made that impolite comment. 他说了那些无礼的话之后，她扇了他一耳光。

slash
slash［slæ∫］
vt. 大量削减〈同　cut, reduce largely〉
例　Prices have been slashed by 50%. 价格大幅下跌了50%。

slaughter
slaughter［'slɔ:tə(r)］
n./v. 屠宰牲畜；大屠杀〈同 massacre〉
例　Thousands of cattle are slaughtered every year to make hamburgers. 为了制作汉堡，每年都要宰杀数以千计的牛。

sleeve
sleeve［sli:v］
n. 袖子
例　Johnson rolled up his sleeves before he washed the dishes. 约翰逊卷起袖子，开始洗碗。

slender
slender　［ˈslendə(r)］
adj. 苗条的；纤细的〈同 slim〉
例 Silkworms digested mulberry leaves and then formed slender threads. 蚕消化桑树叶后吐出蚕丝。
记 注意不要和slander（诽谤）相混
联 slenderize vt. 使苗条

slice
slice　［slaɪs］
n. 薄片〈同 piece〉
例 Would you like another slice of ham? 你还想再来一片火腿吗？
vt. 切成薄片，切下〈同 cut〉
例 Could you slice me a very thin piece of cake? 你能给我切一片薄薄的蛋糕吗？

slide
slide　［slaɪd］
v.（使）滑动，（使）滑行〈同 slip〉
例 The drawers slide in and out. 抽屉推进拉出。
n. 幻灯片
例 Slides are put in a projector and shown on a screen. 幻灯片被放在投影仪里，显示在屏幕上。
联 landslide n.【地】山崩

slight
slight　［slaɪt］
adj. 轻微的；微小的，微不足道的〈同 subtle; tiny〉
例 Since an owl's ears are widely separated, there is usually a slight difference in the time it takes for a sound to reach each ear. 由于猫头鹰的耳朵分开的距离很大，因此一个声音传入它两个耳朵的时间通常存在细微的差异。
记 s+litht（轻微的，不重要的)→微小的
联 slightly adv. 轻微地

slim
slim［slɪm］
adj. 纤细的，苗条的〈同 slender〉
例　She went on a diet to become slim. 为了减肥，她开始节食。

slime
slime［slaɪm］
n. 黏土；黏液〈同　mud; saliva〉
例　Please take your shoes off before you come in so you don't get any slime on the carpet. 进门之前请脱鞋，以免在地毯上留下泥巴。

slip
slip　［slɪp］
n. 滑倒；事故
例 John's slip on the floor resulted in a broken leg. 约翰在地板上滑倒了，结果摔断了腿。
v. 滑动；滑倒〈同 slide〉
例 The knife slipped and he cut his finger. 刀子滑了一下，他割伤了自己的手指。
联 slipper n. 拖鞋；slippery adj. 滑的，滑溜的

slippery
slippery［'slɪpəri］
adj.（指物体表面）滑的，光滑的〈同　smooth〉
例　Drive carefully, the roads are wet and slippery. 小心开车，因为道路又湿又滑。

slit
slit　［slɪt］
vt. 切开，撕裂〈同 cut〉
例 She slit the envelope open with a knife. 她用刀子割开了信封。

slogan
slogan［'sləʊgən］
n. 口号，标语
例　Nike's famous slogan is“Just do it”.“Just do it”是耐克公司广为人知的一句广告语。

slope
slope　［sləʊp］
n. 斜坡，斜面〈同 slant〉
例 The floor of the theater has a slope of four feet from the back to the front. 剧院的地面从后往前有一个四英尺的斜坡。
联 sloping adj. 倾斜的，有坡度的

slot
slot［slɒt］
n. 窄缝，狭槽
例　The postman told the lady to slide her letters into the slot. 邮递员告诉这位女士把信件投入信箱的槽里。

sloth
sloth［sləʊθ］
n. 树懒；怠惰，懒惰〈同　laziness, indolence〉
例　The sloth is a creature commonly found on trees in Central and South American jungles. 树懒是中南美洲丛林里的一种常见动物，它们一般生活在树上。

sluggish
sluggish［'slʌgɪ∫］
adj. 行动迟缓的；不活泼的；缓慢的〈同　slow, lethargic〉
例　It was a sluggish day at the office and no one wanted to work. 办公室里一整天都死气沉沉，没有人想工作。

slum
slum［slʌm］
n. 贫民窟
例　Her family could not afford a nice house and so they lived in the slums. 她家买不起像样的房子，只能住在贫民窟里。

sly
sly［slaɪ］
adj. 狡猾的〈同　wily, cunning〉
例　She was sly in card games and never lost. 在玩扑克牌的时候，她非常狡猾，从来没输过。

smart
smart　［smɑːt］
adj. 巧妙的，聪明的〈同 clever〉
例 If you are a smart man, women will like you, even if you are not good-looking. 如果你是个聪明的男人，女人就会喜欢你，即便你长得不帅。

smash
smash［smæʃ］
n./v. 打碎，粉碎〈同 crush〉
例　When she gets mad, she likes to smash dishes. 她发疯的时候，喜欢摔盘子。

smelting
smelting［'smeltɪŋ］
n. 冶炼
例　They separated the precious metals by smelting. 他们通过冶炼来离析出稀有金属。

smog
smog［smɒg］
n. 烟雾〈同　pollution, haze〉
例　The smog from the morning traffic made it difficult to breathe. 早晨交通产生的烟雾，让人呼吸都困难。

smooth
smooth　［smuːð］
adj. ① 光滑的；平静的〈同 flat〉
例 Her skin was as smooth as silk. 她的肌肤如丝般光滑。
例 The bill has all-party support which will ensure it has a smooth passage through Parliament. 这部法案获得了各党派的支持，可以保证它能顺利被议会批准。
联 smoothly adv. 平稳地；顺利地；smoothen vt. 使平滑

smother
smother［'smʌðə(r)］
vt. ①使窒息〈同　suffocate, asphyxiate〉
例　He smothered the lady by holding a pillow over her face. 他把一个枕头蒙在那个女人的脸上，使她窒息而死。
例　Please smother the campfire before you leave in order to prevent any forest fires. 为了避免引起森林火灾，请在离开之前盖熄篝火。

smuggle
smuggle［'smʌgəl］
vt. 走私
例　The criminal smuggled drugs into the country. 罪犯走私毒品到这个国家。

snack
snack［snæk］
n. 小吃，快餐
例　An apple can be a healthy snack. 苹果是健康的小吃。

snap
snap［snæp］
v. ① 突然断裂〈同 break, crack〉
例　My shoelace snapped when I pulled it too tightly. 我刚一系紧鞋带，它就断了。
例　It's really a bargain; you should snap it up. 这件东西价格真便宜，你应该马上买下它。

snatch
snatch［snætʃ］
n./v. 攫取，抓住〈同 seize〉
例　T he bird flew down and snatched the worm. 鸟俯冲下来，抓住了虫子。

snippet
snippet［'snɪpɪt］
n. 小片，片断；摘录〈同　piece; fragment〉
例　He threw snippets of bread for the birds to eat. 他扔了几片面包，喂给鸟儿吃。

snobbish
snobbish［'snɒbɪ∫］
adj. 势利眼的，谄上傲下的〈同　haughty〉
例　The snobbish diner talked to the waitress as though she were stupid. 那个势利眼的用餐者，把女服务员当成傻瓜一样和她说话。

snowflake
snowflake［'snəʊfleɪk］
n. 雪花
例　The children could see the snowflakes on the window after the snowfall. 下雪之后，孩子们能看到落在窗户上的雪花。

soak
soak　［səʊk］
v. 浸，泡；浸透〈同 immerge〉
例 Soak the clothes all night before you wash them. 在洗衣服之前，先把它们泡一晚上。

soar
soar［sɔ:(r)］
vi. ① 高飞，翱翔〈同 fly〉
例　The jet soared above the clouds. 飞机飞到了云层之上。
例　After he started studying hard, his grades soared. 他开始努力学习之后，成绩得到了快速提高。

sober
sober［'səʊbə(r)］
adj. ① 清醒的，未喝醉的
例　The sober driver drove his drunk friends home. 清醒的司机开车把喝醉的朋友们送回了家。
例　She had a sober look on her face after she heard the bad news. 听到这个坏消息之后，她看上去很冷静。

so-called
so-called　［ˌsəʊˈkɔːld］
adj. 所谓的；号称的
例 It was one of his so-called friends who supplied him with the drugs that killed him. 正是由于他的一位所谓的朋友为他提供毒品，才最终致使他丧命。

sociable
sociable［'səʊ∫əbəl］
adj. 好交际的，友善的〈同　gregarious, friendly〉
例　Because Mary is sociable, she introduced herself to everyone at the party. 因为玛丽喜好交际，因此她在聚会上把自己介绍给所有人。

soil
soil　［sɔɪl］
n. 土壤，土地
例 The rainstorm washed a lot of soil into the river. 暴雨把大量泥土冲到了河里。

solar
solar　［ˈsəʊlə(r)］
adj. 太阳的〈同 of the sun〉
例 A solar battery traps sunlight and converts it into electrical energy. 太阳能电池捕捉阳光，并将阳光转换成电能。

solder
solder［'səʊldə(r); (US)'sɒdər］
vt. 焊接，焊在一起〈同　seam〉
例　The construction workers soldered the two metal poles together. 建筑工人们把两根金属杆焊接在一起。

sole
sole　［səʊl］
adj. 单独的，唯一的〈同 only〉
例 His sole purpose for playing cards is to relax. 他打牌的唯一目的是让自己放松。
n. 鞋底〈同 bottom〉
例 Janet wears shoes with rubber soles. 珍妮特穿着橡胶底的鞋子。
联 solely adv. 独自地，单独地

solemn
solemn　［ˈsɒləm］
adj. 严肃的；庄严的，隆重的〈同 serious; sober〉
例 This is a far from solemn book—it is a rich mix of pleasure and information, and is full of surprises. 这完全不是一本严肃的书——里面混杂了各种有趣的事和信息，充满了惊喜。

solicit
solicit［sə'lɪsɪt］
vt. 恳求，乞求〈同　plead for, beg〉
例　The volunteers went out to solicit funds for indigent families. 志愿者们为贫困家庭募集资金。

solicitous
solicitous［sə'lɪsɪtəs］
adj. ① 热切的 ② 挂念的，关心的
解　① desirous; eager ② full of anxiety and concern
例　During her daughter's surgery, the solicitou s neighbor stayed in the hospital waiting to hear news of her daughter's health. 在她女儿手术期间，邻居心神不宁地待在医院里，急切等待着女儿健康的消息。
同　solicitation n. 恳求；教唆；solicitousness n. 关心；焦虑

solidarity
solidarity［ˌsɒlɪ'dærɪti］
n. 团结，团结一致〈同 unity, accord〉
例　The team won the game because of its strong solidarity. 由于小组团结一致，最终赢得了比赛。

solidify
solidify［sə'lɪdɪfaɪ］
v.（使）凝固；（使）团结，巩固〈同 harden〉
例　It was so cold that the water solidified into ice. 天气太冷了，水都结冰了。

soliloquy
soliloquy［sə'lɪləkwi］
n. 独白；自言自语
解　talking to oneself
例　The soliloquy is a device employed by the dramatist to reveal a character's innermost thoughts and emotions. 独白是剧作家用来揭示人物的内心想法和情感的一种表现手法。

solitary
solitary［'sɒlɪtəri; (US)'sɒlɪteri］
adj. 孤独的；独居的〈同 isolated, alone〉
例　The solitary bachelor did not like Valentine's Day. 这个孤独的单身汉不喜欢过情人节。

solo
solo［'səʊləʊ］
n. 独奏曲
例　He always sang solos, never with anyone else. 他总是独唱，从来没有和别人合唱过。
adj. 单独的〈同 unaccompanied, single〉
例　Her solo violin performance was a big hit. 她的小提琴独奏表演很受欢迎。

soluble
soluble　［ˈsɒljʊbəl］
adj. 可溶的，可溶解的〈同 dissolvable〉
例 Salt is soluble in water. 盐可溶于水。
记 solu（溶化）+ble→可溶的
联 insoluble adj. 不能溶解的；solution n. 解决办法

solution
solution［sə'lu:ʃən］
n. ① 解答，解决〈同 answer〉
例　There are many solutions to a problem. 解决问题的办法有许多种。
例　Salt and water form a solution. 盐和水形成溶液。

somewhat
somewhat　［ˈsʌmwɒt］
adv. 稍微，有点〈同 a bit〉
例 He is a nice boy though somewhat slow. 他是个好男孩，虽然有些迟钝。

soothe
soothe［su:ð］
vt. 使（某人情绪）平静，安慰；使（痛苦、疼痛）缓和或减轻〈同　quiet; alleviate〉
例　The medicine soothed the child's toothache. 那种药物缓解了那个小孩的牙疼。

sophisticated
sophisticated　［səˈfɪstɪkeɪtɪd］
adj.（物）复杂的；（人）久经世故的〈同 intricate; experienced〉
例 The diplomat spoke in a sophisticated manner. 外交官说话的方式非常老练。
记 sophist（诡辩者）+icated→久经世故的
联 unsophisticated adj. 不懂世故的，单纯的；sophistication n. 老练；精密；复杂

sore
sore　［sɔː(r)］
adj. 疼痛的，痛心的〈同 painful〉
例 The suffering of her friend made her heart sore. 她朋友的不幸遭遇让她很心痛。

sort
sort　［sɔːt］
n. 种类，类别〈同 type〉
例 I like this sort of candy best. 我最喜欢这种糖果。
vt. 分类；挑选〈同 assort〉
例 The clerk sorted the invoices by their dates. 记账员按日期对发票进行分类。

sound
sound　［saʊnd］
n. 声音
例 Sound travels through air in waves about 1,115 feet（340 meters）per second. 声音以声波形式在空气中传播，速度约为每秒1,115英尺（340米)。
adj. 健全的，健康的；牢固的〈同 in good condition〉
例 His body is very sound considering his age. 就他的年龄而言，他的身体非常健康。

soundproof
soundproof［'saʊndpru:f］
adj. 隔音的，防音的〈同　impermeable to noise, insulative〉
例　The band recorded the music for their album in a soundproof studio. 那个乐队在一个隔音的录音棚为他们的唱片录制音乐。

source
source　［sɔːs］
n. 源头，来源〈同 beginning〉
例 The newspaper gets news from many sources. 报纸从许多来源获得新闻。

souvenir
souvenir［ˌsu:və'nɪə(r); (US)'su:vənɪər］
n. 纪念品〈同　reminder, memento〉
例　The young couple bought a souvenir of their honeymoon in Florida. 那对年轻的夫妇在佛罗里达州度蜜月时买了一个纪念品。

sovereign
sovereign［'sɒvrɪn］
n. 君主；统治〈同 monarch, king〉
例　The peasants bowed before their sovereign. 农民向君主鞠躬行礼。
adj. 独立自主的〈同 independent〉
例　The Americans did not want to be ruled by England and fought to become a sovereign country. 美国人不想被英国统治，他们通过斗争建立了独立的国家。

sow
sow　［saʊ］
v. 播种〈同 plant〉
例 The farmer sowed the field with wheat. 农民在田里播种小麦。

spaceship
spaceship［'speɪs∫ɪp］
n. 宇宙飞船
例　Many people reported seeing an alien spaceship in the sky last night. 许多人称，昨天晚上看到天空中有一艘外星飞船。

spacious
spacious［'speɪʃəs］
adj. 广大的，宽敞的〈同 sizable, large〉
例　Working in a spacious room contributes to one's working efficiency. 在宽敞的房间里工作有利于提高工作效率。

span
span　［spæn］
n. 跨度；一段时间〈同 distance; duration〉
例 The span of the bridge is three miles. 这座桥的跨度有三英里。
vt. 跨越〈同 step over〉
例 The old man's life spanned 90 years. 这个老人活了90岁。
联 wingspan n.【空】翼展

span
span［spæn］
n. 跨度；一段时间〈同 length, range〉
例　Humans measure the span of their lives in decades. 人类以十年为单位来计算生命的长度。

spare
spare　［spɛə(r)］
adj. 多余的，备用的〈同 extra〉
例 Have you got a spare pen? I've left all mine at home. 你有没有多余的钢笔？我把我的全都落在家里了。
v. 节约，节省〈同 save〉
例 The company appears to have spared no expense in designing and building the new shoe store. 公司为了设计和建造新鞋店似乎不惜成本。
联 sparing adj. 节俭的；保守的

spark
spark　［spɑːk］
n. 火花，火星〈同 flash〉
例 The burning wood threw off sparks. 燃烧的木头溅出火星。
v. 发动，激起〈同 bring about〉
例 The murder sparked off panic among the residents. 这件凶杀案在居民当中引起了恐慌。

sparkle
sparkle［'spɑ:kəl］
n./v.（发）火花，（使）闪耀〈同 glitter〉
例　The stars seem to sparkle most on moonless nights. 在没有月亮的夜晚，星星显得尤其闪亮。

sparse
sparse［spɑ:s］
adj. 稀少的；稀疏的〈同　scarce, scattered〉
例　Information coming out of the disaster area is sparse. 来自受灾地区的信息非常少。

spatial
spatial［'speɪʃəl］
adj. 空间的
例　Bats emit sound waves to collect spatial information. 蝙蝠发射声波来获取空间的信息。

spawn
spawn［spɔ:n］
v. ①产卵，大量生育〈同　generate, breed〉
例　The insects in the house spawned millions more in a couple of weeks. 那栋房子里的昆虫在几周之内又产下了数百万个卵。
例　The new economic freedom has spawned hundreds of new small businesses. 新经济自由政策催生了数百家新兴的小型企业。

spear
spear［spɪə(r)］
n. 矛，枪〈同　pike〉
例　The spear was a common weapon used by Native Americans to hunt animals. 矛是印第安人用来打猎的一种常用武器。
v.（用矛）刺；戳（洞）〈同　pierce, puncture〉
例　He speared the animal in the heart and it fell down dead instantly. 他用矛刺中了那只动物的心脏，于是它立即倒在地上死去了。

speciality
speciality［ˌspeʃɪ'æləti］
n. ① 招牌性的服务或产品；拳头产品
例　The waiter in the restaurant said their speciality was Peking Duck. 餐厅的服务员介绍北京烤鸭是他们的特色菜。
例　The scientist's speciality is Greek archaeology. 这位科学家的专长是希腊考古学。

specialize
specialize　［ˈspeʃəlaɪz］
v. 专攻；使适应特殊情况；专门从事
例 She's hired a lawyer who specializes in divorce cases. 她雇用了一位擅长离婚案的律师。
联 specialist n. 专家

species
species［'spi:ʃi:z］
n. 类群，种类〈同 kind, classification〉
例　Pine trees, of which there are almost one hundred species, are found throughout the North Temperate Zone. 松树几乎有上百个品种，遍布整个北温带。

specific
specific　［spəˈsɪfɪk］
adj. 具体的，特指的〈同 particular〉
例 Feathers are a feature specific to birds. 羽毛是鸟类专有的特征。
联 specifically adv. 特定地，明确地

specification
specification［ˌspesɪfɪ'keɪʃən］
n. 规格；详细说明书〈同 instruction, description〉
例　She wrote and sent the architect specifications on how she would like her new house to be built. 她就想要如何建造自己的新房子写了一份详细的说明书，然后把它寄给了建筑师。

specify
specify［'spesɪfaɪ］
vt. 明确说明；具体指定〈同 detail, name〉
例　The chemistry professor specified what chemicals to use in order to avoid any accidents. 为了避免事故发生，化学教授明确说明了要使用的化学品。

specimen
specimen　［ˈspesɪmən］
n. 标本，样品〈同 model, sample〉
例 As a geologist, she collects specimens of all kinds of rocks and minerals. 作为一名地质学家，她收集各种岩石和矿物的样本。
记 spec（看）+imen→给人看的东西→样品

speck
speck［spek］
n. 斑点〈同　particle, fleck〉
例　He wiped the specks that the rain had made on the car window. 他擦掉了雨水在车窗上留下的斑点。

spectacle
spectacle［'spektəkəl］
n. 奇观；展示，景象〈同 demonstration, show〉
例　The fireworks are a very popular spectacle on National Day. 在国庆节，烟火表演非常受欢迎。

spectacular
spectacular［spek'tækjʊlə(r)］
adj. 引人入胜的，壮观的〈同 sensational, fascinating, grand〉
例　The most spectacular thing that happened in the 20th century was the invention of the computer. 20世纪最引人注目的事件就是电脑的发明。

spectator
spectator［spek'teɪtə(r); (US)'spekteɪtər］
n. 参观者，观众〈同 observer, audience〉
例　The spectators watched in sadness as their team lost the championship. 当他们关注的队伍输掉冠军赛的时候，观众的眼里充满了悲伤。

spectrum
spectrum［'spektrəm］
n. 谱，光谱
例　The visible portion of the spectrum includes red at one end and violet at the other. 光谱的可见部分一端是红色的，另一端是紫色的。

speculate
speculate［'spekjʊleɪt］
v. 推测；沉思〈同 hypothesize, guess〉
例　He speculated that there would be a comet passing the Earth this May, but he was wrong. 他推测在五月份会有彗星经过地球，可是他错了。

speedy
speedy［'spi:di］
adj. 快的，迅速的〈同　fast, rapid〉
例　The pizza parlor promises a speedy delivery. 那家比萨饼店保证迅速送达。

spendthrift
spendthrift［'spendθrɪft］
n. 挥霍者，败家子 adj. 挥金如土的
解　n. one who spends money recklessly or wastefully adj. wasteful or extravagant
例　The father never enjoyed taking his spendthrift daughters shopping. 父亲非常不喜欢带他的几个花钱大手大脚的女儿去购物。
同　thrift n. 节俭

sphere
sphere　［sfɪə(r)］
n. 球体；范围；环境〈同 ball〉
例 We usually represent the earth as a sphere in pictures. 我们在图画里经常把地球描绘成球形。
联 spherical adj. 球的，球状的；hemisphere n. 半球；magnetosphere n. 磁气圈；lithosphere n.【地】岩石圈；photosphere n. 光球；hydrosphere n. 水圈；ionosphere n. 电离层；biosphere n. 生命层，生物圈

spill
spill　［spɪl］
v.（使）溢出，（使）溅出〈同 pour〉
例 The waitress spilled coffee on the customer. 女服务生把咖啡洒在了顾客身上。

spin
spin　［spɪn］
v. 旋转〈同 rotate〉
例 The top spins round. 陀螺旋转。

spine
spine［spaɪn］
n. 脊骨；书脊；刺〈同　backbone, vertebrate〉
例　An invertebrate is an animal with no spine. 无脊椎动物是指没有脊椎的动物。

spiral
spiral［'spaɪrəl］
adj. 螺旋形的，盘旋的〈同 rotary, curled〉
例　The spring has a spiral shape. 弹簧是螺旋形的。

spirit
spirit［'spɪrɪt］
n. 精神
解　the immaterial part of human beings; soul
例　Some people believe that their spirit lives on even after their body dies. 有些人认为，他们死后灵魂会继续存在。
同　spiral n. 螺旋状旋转；螺旋，螺线

spirited
spirited［'spɪrɪtɪd］
adj. 有精神的，生气勃勃的，活泼的
解　full of energy and spirit; lively
例　We played a highly spirited game against the cross-town rivals. 我们与同城的对手打了一场激烈的比赛。

spiritual
spiritual　［ˈspɪrɪtʃʊəl］
adj. 精神上的
例 After years of living abroad, I feel that China is my true spiritual home. 经过多年的海外生活，我发现中国才是我真正的精神家园。

spiritual
spiritual［'spɪrɪtʃuəl］
adj. 精神的
解　relating to the spirit or sacred matters
例　Martin Luther King was a spiritual and political leader for African Americans. 对于非裔美国人而言，马丁·路德·金是一位精神领袖和政治领袖。

spit
spit［spɪt］
v. 吐（唾沫），喷吐
例　Many people think it is impolite to spit in public. 许多人认为在公共场合吐痰是不礼貌的。

spite
spite［spaɪt］
n. 恶意；怨恨〈同　malice; resentment〉
例　The rival teams carried spite for each other. 两支敌对的队伍对彼此充满了敌意。

splash
splash［splæʃ］
v. 溅，泼〈同 throw a liquid〉
例　The baby liked to splash water when taking a bath. 这个婴儿在洗澡的时候，喜欢戏水玩耍。

splendid
splendid　［ˈsplendɪd］
adj. 壮丽的；辉煌的；极好的〈同 brilliant〉
例 The coronation of a new king or queen is a splendid affair, with much elaborate and brilliant ceremony. 新国王或女王的加冕仪式是一件非常精彩的盛事，有许多精心准备的华丽仪式。
联 splendor n. 壮丽；辉煌

split
split　［splɪt］
v. 劈开，（使）裂开；分开〈同 cut; divide〉
例 The teacher split the children into three groups. 老师把孩子们分成了三个组。

spoil
spoil　［spɔɪl］
v. ① 损坏；腐烂〈同 go bad〉
例 When milk spoils, it smells very bad. 牛奶一旦变质，会非常难闻。
例 Mary spoiled her children with expensive toys. 玛丽用昂贵的玩具把孩子宠坏了。
联 spoilage n.（食物等）变质；损坏；unspoiled adj. 未损坏的

spokesman
spokesman［'spəʊksmən］
n. 发言人；代表者
例　The company spokesman met with the media and answered questions. 公司发言人与媒体见面，回答了他们提出的问题。

sponge
sponge［spʌnʤ］
n. 海绵
例　Elizabeth used a sponge to wash her back in the shower. 伊丽莎白在淋浴的时候用海绵擦洗后背。

sponsor
sponsor　［ˈspɒnsə(r)］
n. 赞助者
例 All the major theatres now have sponsors, especially for high-cost productions. 现在所有大型剧院都有赞助商，尤其是高成本的作品。
vt. 赞助；资助〈同 support〉
例 The team is sponsored by JVC, so the players wear the letters “JVC” on their shirts. 这个团队得到了JVC公司的赞助，所以演员们都穿着印有JVC字母的衬衫。

spontaneous
spontaneous［spɒn'teɪnɪəs］
adj. 自发的，自然产生的〈同 instinctive, natural〉
例　There was spontaneous applause at the end of Mary's speech. 在玛丽演讲结束后，观众自发为她喝彩。

spot
spot　［spɒt］
n. 地点，场所〈同 site〉
例 This looks like a nice spot for a picnic. 这里看起来是个不错的野餐地点。
v. 发觉，发现〈同 detect〉
例 The policeman spotted that I hadn't got my seat belt on and signaled me to stop. 警察发现我没有系安全带，用动作示意我停车。
联 spotless adj. 没有污点的

spouse
spouse［spaʊz; (US)spaʊs］
n. 配偶
例　All the employees will bring their spouses and children to the company's Christmas party. 所有员工将带着配偶和孩子参加公司组织的圣诞派对。

sprawl
sprawl［sprɔ:l］
vi. 散乱地延伸；四肢摊开着坐、卧或倒下〈同　extend, stretch〉
例　Janet's pet cat likes to sprawl out in front of the fireplace to sleep. 珍妮特的宠物猫喜欢懒散地趴在壁炉前睡觉。
n. 扩展，蔓延
例　Urban sprawl caused severe loss of arable lands. 城市扩张造成了耕地的严重减少。

spray
spray　［spreɪ］
n. 喷雾，飞沫
例 Can you feel the spray from the waterfall? 你能感觉到瀑布的水雾吗？
vt. 向…喷射，喷〈同 sprinkle〉
例 John sprayed insect poison on the plants. 约翰往植物上喷洒杀虫剂。

spring
spring　［sprɪŋ］
n. 泉；弹簧
例 This bottled water comes from a spring in Wisconsin. 这瓶纯净水是来自威斯康星州的泉水。
vi. 跳，跃起〈同 jump〉
例 The waiting tiger sprang at its prey. 等待时机的老虎猛地扑向猎物。
联 springwater n. 泉水

sprinkle
sprinkle［'sprɪŋkl］
v. 洒，喷洒〈同　spray〉
例　She sprinkled her garden with water every morning. 她每天早上都给花园洒水。
n. 稀疏的小雨〈同　light rain, drizzle〉
例　The sprinkle of rain today helped cool down the summer heat. 今天少量的降雨帮助缓解了夏季的炎热。

sprout
sprout［spraʊt］
vi. 长出，萌芽〈同　germinate, shoot up〉
例　The plants sprouted from the ground a week after I planted seeds. 这些植物在我播种一周之后，从地里发出了芽。

spur
spur　［spɜː(r)］
n. 踢马刺
例 Dave drove his spurs into the sides of his horse to make it go faster. 戴夫用踢马刺刺马的两侧，让它跑得更快点。
vt. 刺激，鞭策〈同 stimulate〉
例 James is content with his success, but his wife keeps spurring him onto something “higher” or “better”. 詹姆斯满足于自己的成功，而他的妻子却不断激励他要追求“更高”或“更好”。
记 spur的原意是踢马刺，用于刺马或驱马前进

spy
spy［spaɪ］
n. 间谍，侦探
例　The spy stole the secret documents from the government building. 间谍从政府大楼里偷出了机密文件。
v. 侦察，暗中监视；看见，发现
例　She spied someone breaking into her neighbor's house and called the police. 她发现有人闯入了邻居家，然后报了警。

squarely
squarely［'skweə(r)li］
adv. 坚实地，坚固地〈同　solidly〉
例　The boxer punched him squarely on the face and he fell straight down. 那名拳击手直接猛击他的脸，结果他径直倒了下去。

squash
squash［skwɒ∫］
n. 南瓜
例　Her mother prepared oven-baked squash for dinner. 她妈妈准备了烘焙的南瓜作为晚餐。
v. 压碎，挤压；镇压〈同　crush; depress〉
例　The dictator squashed all public demonstrations. 那个独裁者镇压了所有公共集会和示威。

squeeze
squeeze　［skwiːz］
vt. 榨；挤进，塞进〈同 extract〉
例 Anne squeezed the orange to make orange juice. 安妮用力挤橘子，来制作橘子汁。

squirt
squirt［skwɜ:t］
vi. 喷出，喷射〈同　spray, eject〉
例　She called a plumber when she saw water squirting out of the pipes. 她发现水喷出了管子，于是找来水管工修理。

stabilize
stabilize［'steɪbɪlaɪz］
vt. 使稳定，使坚固〈同 secure〉
例　In Japan and elsewhere, the trees are planted to stabilize the soil on steep mountain slopes. 在日本以及其他一些地区，人们在陡峭的山坡上种植植物以防止土壤流失。

stable
stable　［ˈsteɪbəl］
adj. 稳定的；相对固定的〈同 fixed〉
例 Don't lean on my desk! It's not stable. 别靠在我的桌子上！这个桌子不稳。
记 sta（站，立）+（a）ble→能站住的→稳定的
联 unstable adj. 不牢固的，不稳定的；stability n. 稳定性；stabilize v. 使稳固；使稳定

stack
stack　［stæk］
vt. 堆积〈同 pile〉
例 She stacked the dishes in the sink because she did not have time to wash them. 她把盘子都堆在水槽里，因为她没时间洗。
n. 堆
例 He buried himself in a stack of materials, searching for the data needed in support of his arguments. 他埋头在一堆资料里，寻找能支持他的论据的数据资料。

staff
staff　［stɑːf］
n. 全体职员；工作人员〈同 personnel〉
例 An airport's staff are all the people who work at the airport. 机场的工作人员是指所有在机场工作的人。

stage
stage　［steɪʤ］
n. ① 舞台
例 The opera singer will return to the London stage this summer. 这位歌剧演唱家将在今年夏天重返伦敦舞台。
例 Tadpoles are frogs in an early stage of development. 蝌蚪是处于成长初期的青蛙。

stagecoach
stagecoach［'steɪʤkəʊtʃ］
n. 公共马车
例　The stagecoach was a common mode of transportation during the wild west. 在狂野西部时代，公共马车是一种常见的交通工具。

stain
stain　［steɪn］
n. 污点，瑕疵〈同 blemish〉
例 Her one grade C was a stain on her good school report. 她有一门课得了C，这成了她良好学习成绩单上的一个污点。
联 stained adj. 污染的，玷污的；stainless adj. 纯洁的，无瑕疵的

stainless
stainless［'steɪnlɪs］
adj. ① 纯洁的，无瑕疵的
例　After founding four successful businesses, his business reputation was stainless. 成功建立了四个公司之后，他的商业信誉很优良。
例　Many pots and pans are made out of stainless steel. 许多厨具由不锈钢制成。

staircase
staircase［'steəkeɪs］
n. 楼梯
例　Please use the staircase in case of fire, not the elevators. 一旦遇见火情，请使用楼梯，不要使用电梯。

stake
stake　［steɪk］
n. 赌注
例 He loved gambling and each time he lost he would double his stakes. 他沉迷于赌博，每次输钱后，都会再下双倍的赌注。

stale
stale　［steɪl］
adj. ① 不新鲜的；走了味的
例 Restaurants with few customers invariably serve stale food since they seldom replenish their stock. 顾客寥寥无几的餐厅总是提供一些不新鲜的食物，因为他们很少补充库存。
例 They have been working together for over five years and they have both become a little stale. 他们在一起合作超过五年了，两人都感觉有些乏味了。
记 s+tale（故事）→把故事讲死（s）了→无趣味的

stalk
stalk［stɔ:k］
vt. 隐伏跟踪（猎物）〈同　follow〉
例　The hunter carefully stalked the deer. 猎人小心跟踪那头鹿。
n. 茎，柄，梗〈同　stem〉
例　A flower or a leaf may have a stalk. 一朵花或一片叶子都会有梗。

stall
stall［stɔ:l］
n. 货摊；畜栏，厩
例　He always opened his food stall bright and early and made breakfast for his customers. 他总是一大早就开始营业，为顾客制作早点。
v.（使）停转，（使）停止〈同 stop〉
例　The old car stalled at the stop light. 这辆老旧的汽车在红灯前停了下来。

stamina
stamina［'stæmɪnə］
n. 体力，耐力〈同　endurance, perseverance〉
例　I doubt that she has the stamina to run the full distance of the marathon. 我怀疑她是否有体力跑完马拉松全程。

standard
standard　［ˈstændəd］
n./adj. 标准（的）〈同 criteria; normal〉
例 The employees who didn't meet the company standards were fired. 没达到公司标准的员工被解雇了。
联 standardized adj. 标准化的

standardize
standardize［'stændədaɪz］
vt. 使符合标准，使标准化〈同 normalize〉
例　The president standardized company policies at all the offices. 总裁要求所有办公室按照公司政策的标准行事。

standing
standing［'stændɪŋ］
adj. 固定的，常设的〈同　fixed〉
例　The standing timber was not cut for environmental reasons. 出于环保原因，没有砍伐活立木。
n. 身份，名望〈同　status, fame〉
例　The intelligent student's standing in the class was ranked as number one. 那名聪明的学生在班里排名第一。

standpoint
standpoint［'stændpɔɪnt］
n. 立场，观点
例　From his standpoint, Ken found he could not agree with the majority. 从他的立场出发，肯发现他无法同意大多数人的意见。

stanza
stanza［'stænzə］
n.（诗的）节，段
例　Stanzas and lines are used to measure poems. 诗节和诗行用来为诗歌定界。

staple
staple［'steɪpəl］
n. 主要产品，日常必需品〈同　basic part, basic elements〉
例　Shortages mean that even staples like bread are difficult to find. 短缺意味着即使面包等主食都很难找到。
adj. 主要的，常用的〈同　main, principal〉
例　Rice is a staple Chinese food. 大米是中国的一种主要食品。

starch
starch［stɑ:tʃ］
n. 淀粉；淀粉食物
例　Rice and wheat are a good source of starch. 大米和小麦是很好的淀粉来源。

stardom
stardom［'stɑ:dəm］
n. 明星的身份或地位〈同　fame, notoriety〉
例　There are many actors in Hollywood who are dying for a chance at stardom. 好莱坞有许多演员渴望成名的机会。

stark
stark［stɑ:k］
adj. 光秃秃的；荒凉的〈同　bare, desolate〉
例　The walls look so stark and dreary, we decided to cover them with prints and posters. 那些墙壁看起来光秃秃的，死气沉沉，所以我们决定在上面挂上图片和海报。

startle
startle［'stɑ:təl］
v. 震惊〈同 surprise, scare〉
例　The thunder startled the baby. 婴儿被雷声吓到了。

starve
starve　［stɑːv］
vi. 挨饿〈同 hunger〉
例 A lot of people starved to death during the famine. 许多人在饥荒时期饿死了。
联 starvation n. 饥饿；饿死

stash
stash［stæ∫］
vt. 藏；存放
例　Instead of putting money into new plants and machinery, the businessmen had stashed their earnings abroad. 商人们没有把钱投到新工厂和机械设备上，而是把他们的收入藏到海外。

stately
stately［'steɪtli］
adj. 庄严的，堂皇的〈同　dignified, majestic〉
例　The president gave a stately welcome to the foreign prime minister. 总统隆重欢迎外国总理。

static
static［'stætɪk］
adj. 静态的，呆板的〈同 stationary〉
例　The painting had a picture of a static dog sleeping. 这幅油画画的是一只安静睡觉的小狗。

stationary
stationary［'steɪʃənəri; (US)'steɪʃəneri］
adj. 固定的，静止的〈同 fixed, motionless〉
例　I think your arm is broken. Try to keep it stationary until we get to the hospital. 我觉得你的胳膊骨折了。在咱们到医院之前，让你的胳膊保持不动。

stationery
stationery［'steɪʃənəri; (US)'steɪʃəneri］
n. 文具
例　He forgot to bring any stationery to class and asked a friend for a pen and paper. 他上课忘带文具了，于是找朋友借了一支笔和纸。

statistics
statistics［stə'tɪstɪks］
n. 统计学
例　The enterprise relied on statistics to decide its target audience and marketing strategy. 企业依靠统计数据来决定目标客户和市场营销策略。

statue
statue　［ˈstætjuː］
n. 雕像〈同 effigy〉
例 There's a statue of the company's founder in the main lobby. 在大厅里有一座公司创始人的雕像。

stature
stature［'stætʃə(r)］
n. 身高，身材；声望，地位〈同　height; status〉
例　A tall stature is usually a requisite to become a professional basketball player. 高个子通常是成为一名职业篮球运动员的必要条件。

status
status　［ˈsteɪtəs］
n. 状况；身份，地位〈同 identity〉
例 The success of her book has given her unexpected celebrity status. 她的书大获成功，这使她突然成了名人。

steadfast
steadfast［'stedfɑ:st］
adj. 坚定的，坚信的〈同　constant; resolute〉
例　To be steadfast is to be like a rock. 要做到坚定不移，就要像石头一样。

steady
steady　［ˈstedi］
adj. ① 稳的，牢固的〈同 stable〉
例 His parents were relieved when he got a steady job. 他找到一份稳定的工作后，他的父母如释重负。
例 Senior executives said they needed to show steady improvements of the company's financial condition to reassure the public. 高管人员称，他们需要证明公司财务状况有持续的改善，以打消公众的疑虑。
记 stead（=stand 站）+y→能站牢的→稳的，牢固的

steak
steak　［steɪk］
n.（供煎、烤等的）肉；牛排
例 I ate a steak at the restaurant. 我在餐厅吃了块牛排。

steep
steep　［stiːp］
adj. 险峻的，陡峭的〈同 sharp〉
例 It's a steep climb to the top of the mountain, but the view is worth it. 虽然登上山顶的路很陡，但迷人的风景绝对值得上去一看。

steer
steer　［stɪə(r)］
v. 驾驶，掌舵〈同 drive〉
例 Our garage door isn't very wide and it's quite difficult to steer the car through it. 我们车库的门不宽，要把汽车开进这道门相当困难。
联 steering n. 操纵，掌舵

stellar
stellar［'stelə(r)］
adj. 星的，星球的〈同　of the stars〉
例　The actress gave a stellar performance in the play and received many bouquets. 那名女演员在剧中做出了精彩的表演，获得了许多赞扬。

stem
stem　［stem］
n.（植物的）茎〈同 stalk〉
例 I grabbed the weeds by their stems and pulled them from the ground. 我抓着野草的茎部，把它们从地里拔了出来。
vi. 来源于；由…造成（from）〈同 arise from〉
例 Hate sometimes stems from envy. 仇恨有时是由嫉妒造成的。

stereotype
stereotype［'sterɪəʊtaɪp; 'stɪərɪəʊtaɪp］
n. 陈规，老套；模式化的形象、思想等
例　His perception that all Scottish people were stingy was based on a gross stereotype. 基于一种固有的印象，他认为所有苏格兰人都很吝啬。

sterile
sterile［'steraɪl; (US)'sterəl］
adj. ①贫瘠的；不育的〈同　barren, infertile〉
例　The sterile couple decided to adopt a baby. 那对无法生育的夫妇决定收养一个孩子。
例　The doctor only used sterile needles to avoid infecting people with unwanted diseases. 为了防止患者感染有害的疾病，医生只会使用无菌注射器。

stern
stern［stɜ:n］
adj. 苛刻的，严格的；严厉的〈同 strict, severe〉
例　The museum guard gave us a stern warning not to touch the paintings. 博物馆的保安严厉警告我们不要触碰画作。

steward
steward［'stjʊəd］
n.（轮船、飞机等的）乘务员；管家
例　The airline steward gave out the lunch on the flight. 空乘人员在飞机上分发了午餐。

stick
stick　［stɪk］
n. 棍，棒；手杖〈同 rod〉
例 The children collected sticks and twigs for the fire. 孩子们收集木棍和细枝来生火。
v. ① 粘住，粘贴〈同 cement〉
例 These labels do not stick very well. 这些标签粘得不牢。
例 We have decided to stick to our previous plan. 我们决定坚持之前的计划。
联 sticky adj. 黏的，黏性的

stiff
stiff　［stɪf］
adj. ① 硬的，僵直的〈同 rigid〉
例 The sturdy box was made of stiff cardboard. 那个结实的盒子是用硬纸板做的。
例 John is shy and seems stiff, but if you get to know him, he is a lot of fun. 约翰很腼腆，看起来有点呆板，但你跟他熟悉之后就会发现他非常有趣。
联 stiffen vt. 使硬，使僵硬

stifle
stifle［'staɪfəl］
vt. ①使窒息〈同　suffocate, smother〉
例　They were stifled by the smoke. 他们被烟给呛死了。
例　The police were alerted about the criminal and stifled his plans. 警方察觉了罪犯的犯罪意图，于是扼杀了他的阴谋。

stimulate
stimulate　［ˈstɪmjʊleɪt］
vt. 刺激，激励，激发〈同 encourage, motivate〉
例 The government plans to cut taxes in order to stimulate the economy. 政府计划实施减税，以刺激经济。
联 stimulation n. 激励，鼓舞；刺激；stimuli n.（stimulus的复数）刺激

stimulus
stimulus［'stɪmjʊləs］
n.（pl. stimuli）刺激；刺激物
例　His good grade was a stimulus for him to study harder. 他优秀的成绩激励他更努力地读书。

sting
sting　［stɪŋ］
v. 刺；刺痛〈同 puncture〉
例 She wore gloves when she was gardening to prevent the nettles from stinging her. 她种植花木的时候会戴着手套，以避免被荨麻刺伤。

stipend
stipend［'staɪpend］
n. 薪水；奖学金；养老金〈同　allowance; pension〉
例　The university offered the best students a monthly stipend. 大学为最优秀的学生每月发放奖学金。

stipulate
stipulate［'stɪpjʊleɪt］
vt. 约定，规定〈同　detail, specify〉
例　If the contract was framed by a good lawyer, it will stipulate exactly when, where, and how payment is to be made. 如果合同是由一名出色的律师草拟的，里面会明确规定付款的时间、地点和方式。

stir
stir［stɜ:(r)］
v. 激起，引起；搅动〈同 churn〉
例　If you stir your tea, the sugar will melt more quickly. 如果你搅一搅茶，糖就会融化得更快。

stitch
stitch［stɪtʃ］
v. 缝〈同 sew, knit〉
例　She stitched the hole in her husband's shirt. 她将丈夫衬衫上的破洞缝补好了。

stock
stock　［stɒk］
n. ① 库存〈同 storage〉
例 It is now halfway through winter and food stocks are already low. 冬天才过去一半，食物库存量就已经很少了。
例 She buys and sells stocks and shares. 她买卖股票和股份。
adj. 普通的〈同 usual〉
例

stocky
stocky［'stɒki］
adj.（人或动物）矮而结实的，粗壮的〈同　strong, stout〉
例　The stocky construction worker lifted the lumber with ease. 那名健壮的建筑工人轻松地搬起了那块木材。

stoop
stoop　［stuːp］
v. 弯腰，屈背〈同 bend down〉
例 Bob stooped so he wouldn't bump his head on the low eaves. 鲍勃俯下身，这样才不会被低矮的屋檐撞到头。

stout
stout［staʊt］
adj. 结实的，勇敢坚定的〈同　stocky, sturdy〉
例　The stout man liked to eat. 那个肥胖的人就喜欢吃。

stouthearted
stouthearted［ˌstaʊt'hɑ:tɪd］
adj. 勇敢的
解　having courage; brave
例　Armed with a stouthearted spirit, the little boy was able to knock the giant down. 小男孩用刚毅的精神鼓舞自己，然后把巨人打倒了。

straightforward
straightforward［streɪt'fɔ:wəd］
adj. ①（指人、态度等）坦率的，老实的〈同 honest〉
例　Her criticism of any paper was straightforward and painful. 她针对每篇论文提出的批评都很直接，让人不快。
例　The negotiator gave a very straightforward explanation as to why he would not assume any risks. 谈判者简单解释了为什么他不会承担任何风险。

strain
strain　［streɪn］
n. ① 紧张；压力〈同 tension〉
例 The strain of meeting a daily deadline made the columnist very anxious. 每天都会遇到最后期限的压力，这让专栏作家非常紧张。
例 Scientists have discovered a new strain of virus which may be responsible for the disease. 科学家们发现了一种新的病毒，它可能是造成这种病的罪魁祸首。
vt. 过滤〈同 filter〉
例 Janet strained the particles from the chemical solution. 珍妮特从化学溶液中滤除微粒。

strand
strand［strænd］
n.（绳、线之）一股〈同　thread〉
例　The strands of thread were twisted together to make rope. 几股线被拧在一起做成一根绳子。

strap
strap　［stræp］
n. 带，皮带〈同 belt〉
例 Could you help me fasten the strap around my suitcase? 你能帮我系上手提箱上的皮带吗？

strata
strata［'strɑ:tə］
n. 地层〈同　layer〉
例　The different strata of the Earth tell a history of their own. 地球的不同地层各自代表了一段历史。

strategy
strategy　［ˈstrætəʤi］
n. 策略，战略〈同 policy〉
例 The company will spend $6 million on the development of new products and sales strategies. 公司将投入600万美元，用于开发新产品和制定销售策略。
联 strategic adj. 战略的，战略上的

streamline
streamline［'stri:mlaɪn］
vt. ① 使成流线型 ② 改善…的表面或效率；使现代化
解　① to construct or design in a form that offers the least resistance to fluid flow ② to improve the appearance or efficiency of; to modernize
例　Through evolution, fish were streamlined in order to swim faster, to catch prey and avoid predators. 通过进化，鱼类的身体变成了流线型，这样可以游得更快，从而可以捕捉到猎物并躲避猎食者。
同　stream n. 溪流，水流，河流

streamlined
streamlined［'stri:mlaɪnd］
adj. 流线型的
例　Fish developed their streamlined shape to swim faster. 鱼类进化成了流线型是为了游得更快。

strengthen
strengthen　［ˈstreŋθən］
vt. 加强，巩固〈同 reinforce〉
例 The new constitution will further strengthen the powers of the president. 新章程将进一步加强总裁的权力。

strenuous
strenuous［'strenjʊəs］
adj. 费力的；艰辛的〈同　arduous, laborious〉
例　After a strenuous day of work, Bill slept for 12 hours. 一天的紧张工作之后，比尔睡了12个小时。

stress
stress　［stres］
n. 重压，压力〈同 tension〉
例 Many heavy trucks put a lot of stress on the old bridge. 许多辆重型卡车给这座古老的大桥带来了许多压力。
vt. 着重，强调；重读〈同 emphasize〉
例 She has repeatedly stressed that the laboratory's safety standards are the best in the country. 她不断强调，实验室的安全标准在全国是最高的。

stretch
stretch　［stretʃ］
v. 伸展，伸长〈同 extend〉
例 Anne stretched her arms wide and yawned. 安妮伸了伸胳膊，然后打了个哈欠。

stride
stride［straɪd］
n. 大步，一跨步〈同 step, pace〉
例　The child could not keep up with his father's stride. 小孩无法跟上父亲的脚步。

strike
strike　［straɪk］
n. 罢工〈同 walk off the job〉
例 The union settled the strike when the management offered a fair contract. 在管理层提出签订一份公平的契约后，工会才平息了罢工。
v. 撞击；作用于〈同 hit〉
例 The ball struck me in the back. 球打在了我的后背上。
联 striking adj. 显著的，惊人的

striking
striking［'straɪkɪŋ］
adj. 醒目的，引人注目的；惊人的〈同 dramatic, outstanding〉
例　The girl's beauty is striking. 这个女孩美艳动人。

string
string　［strɪŋ］
n. 细绳，带子
例 The parcel had been damaged in the mail and was held together with string. 包裹在邮寄的过程中已经损坏了，用绳子捆在了一起。
联 strings n. 弦乐器

stringent
stringent［'strɪnʤənt］
adj. 严厉的〈同　strict, rigorous〉
例　I think these regulations are too stringent. 我认为这些规定太严格了。

strip
strip　［strɪp］
vt. 剥夺；剥掉〈同 deprive〉
例 The vice president was stripped of her authority when the president found out she was a spy. 副总裁被剥夺了职权，因为总裁发现她是一个间谍。
n. 条，带〈同 ribbon〉
例 I used a strip of tape to stick the note to the wall. 我用一条胶带把便条粘在了墙上。

stripe
stripe　［straɪp］
n. 斑纹，条纹〈同 band〉
例 The city worker painted yellow stripes down the middle of the road. 市政工人在马路中间刷上黄色条纹。
联 striped adj. 呈斑纹的，条纹的

strive
strive［straɪv］
vi. 努力，奋斗；力求〈同 endeavor, try〉
例　We must strive to finish this report before we leave because it is due tomorrow morning. 我们必须在离开之前完成这份报告，因为截止日期是明天上午。

stroke
stroke　［strəʊk］
n. 一击〈同 blow〉
例 With one stroke of his ax, the woodchopper cut the pine tree down. 伐木工人一斧头就把松树砍倒了。

stubborn
stubborn［'stʌbən］
adj. 顽固的，固执的〈同 headstrong, obstinate〉
例　She was very stubborn and would not agree with him no matter what. 她很顽固，无论在什么事情上都不同意他的意见。

studio
studio［'stju:dɪəʊ; (US)'stu:dɪəʊ］
n. 录音室；艺术家工作室
例　The singer recorded her new CD in a studio in London. 这位歌手在伦敦的一家录音棚录制了新CD。

stuff
stuff　［stʌf］
n. 材料；东西〈同 things; belongings〉
例 We'll have to carry all our camping stuff when we walk, so only pack essentials. 我们去散步的时候不必带着所有露营装备，所以只带一些必需品就行了。
联 foodstuff n. 食料，食品；stuffed toy bear 填充玩具熊

stuffy
stuffy［'stʌfi］
adj. 不通风的，闷气的〈同　suffocating〉
例　The elevator in the office building is always stuffy when people are crowded into it. 人们挤进办公大楼的电梯，使得电梯里总是闷热不堪。

stumble
stumble［'stʌmbəl］
vi. 绊倒〈同 trip, fall〉
例　Fred was distracted by his friend, causing him to stumble on a rock. 弗雷德被他的朋友弄得心烦意乱，不小心绊到了石头上。

stunning
stunning［'stʌnɪŋ］
adj. 让人惊叹的，极好的〈同　brilliant, astonishing〉
例　When we reached the mountain peak, we saw a stunning view of the sunset. 我们到达山顶后，看到了美丽的落日景观。

stunt
stunt［stʌnt］
n. 惊人表演，绝技；特技〈同　feat〉
例　The stunt is so reckless that someone will surely get hurt. 这种特技太鲁莽了，肯定会有人受伤的。
vt. 阻碍…发育，妨碍…生长〈同　hinder, bar〉
例　This tree is not as large as the others; something must have stunted its growth. 这棵树没有其他树长得那么高大；肯定有什么原因妨碍了它的成长。

sturdy
sturdy［'stɜ:di］
adj.（人）强健的，结实的；（物）稳固的〈同 robust, strong〉
例　The walls of this house are so sturdy that not even an earthquake could knock them down. 这座房子的墙很坚固，连地震都震不倒它。

style
style　［staɪl］
n. 风格；时尚；文体〈同 way〉
例 It's difficult to distinguish between the two artists by style since their works are so similar. 从风格上很难区分这两位艺术家，因为他们的作品太相似了。
联 stylized adj. 风格化的；程式化的；stylish adj. 时髦的，流行的

subject
subject　［ˈsʌbʤekt］
n. ① 题目，主题〈同 topic〉
例 I tried to explain the situation, but he just changed the subject. 我试图解释一下情况，但他却转移了话题。
例 My favorite subjects at school were history and geography. 我上学时最喜欢的科目是历史和地理。
adj. 受…影响的；以…为条件的（to)〈同 depending on〉
例 Moving all the books should not take long, subject to there being enough helpers. 搬走所有的书应该用不了多长时间，因为给我们帮忙的人足够多。
联 subjective adj. 主观的；个人的

subjective
subjective［səb'ʤektɪv］
adj. 主观的，个人的
例　His assessment was too subjective to be considered seriously. 他的评价过于主观，不会被认真考虑。

submarine
submarine　［ˌsʌbməˈriːn; ˈsʌbməriːn］
n. 潜水艇，潜艇
例 Submarines can fire missiles at targets on land. 潜艇可以向陆上目标发射导弹。
adj. 水下的，海底的〈同 underwater〉
例 There are lots of submarine telephone cables under the sea. 海洋中有许多海底电话电缆。

submerge
submerge　［səbˈmɜːʤ］
v.（使）沉没，淹没〈同 sink〉
例 The coastal city was submerged by the flood. 那个海滨城市被洪水淹没了。
记 sub（下面）+ merge（合并；吞没)→吞没下去→淹没

submerge
submerge［səb'mɜ:ʤ］
v. 潜入水中；沉没；淹没
解　to place or plunge under water
例　The submarine submerged to escape attack. 潜艇潜入水中躲避攻击。
构　sub (=below) + merg (=to sink) + e

submit
submit　［səbˈmɪt］
v. ① 服从〈同 defer〉
例 Employees who refuse to submit to the authority of the boss are usually dismissed. 拒绝服从上司管理的员工通常会被开除。
例 Applicants for the job are asked to submit their resumes. 这个职位的申请者被要求提交简历。
联 submission n. 屈服；呈交；submissive adj. 顺从的

subordinate
subordinate［sə'bɔ:dɪnət; (US)sə'bɔ:dənət］
adj. 下级的，从属的〈同 inferior〉
例　The subordinate soldiers did not question the commander. 下属士兵完全服从长官的命令。

subscribe
subscribe［səb'skraɪb］
v. 订阅
例　The saleswoman wanted me to subscribe to several magazines. 女销售员希望我订几本杂志。

subsequent
subsequent　［ˈsʌbsɪkwənt］
adj. 随后的，后来的〈同 following〉
例 The story will be continued in subsequent issues of the magazine. 这则故事将在随后几期杂志中连载。
记 sub（后面）+ sequ（跟随）+ ent→随后的，后来的
联 subsequently adv. 随后；subsequence n. 结果；随后

subside
subside［səb'saɪd］
vi. 平息，减退〈同　die down, appease〉
例　The waves subsided when the winds ceased to blow. 风停了之后，海浪也渐渐平息。

subsidiary
subsidiary［səb'sɪdɪəri］
n. 支流；子公司〈同 branch〉
例　The company's main office is in New York but it has subsidiaries in Los Angeles and Miami. 公司的总部在纽约，但是在洛杉矶和迈阿密都有分公司。

subsidize
subsidize［'sʌbsɪdaɪz］
vt. 补助，资助〈同 finance, fund〉
例　The City Opera is subsidized by individual and corporate donations. 市剧院由个人和公司出资建造。

subsist
subsist［səb'sɪst］
vi. 活下去；生存〈同　exist, live〉
例　The poor farmer's family subsists on potatoes. 那个贫穷的农民家庭吃土豆果腹。

substance
substance　［ˈsʌbstəns］
n. 物质；实质〈同 matter; essence〉
例 Celery contains a valuable chemical substance that helps lower blood pressure. 芹菜中包含一种珍贵的化学物质，有助于降低血压。

substantial
substantial　［səbˈstænʃəl］
adj. 相当的，可观的〈同 large, significant〉
例 The politician won the election by a substantial number of votes. 那位政治家以相当多的票数赢得选举。
联 substantially adv. 相当多地，大大地

substantiate
substantiate［səb'stæn∫ɪeɪt］
vt. 证实，加强〈同　authenticate, prove〉
例　The new evidence substantiated the defendant's guilt. 新的证据证明被告有罪。

substantive
substantive［'sʌbstəntɪv］
adj. 真实的，有实质的〈同　substantial〉
例　Although the delegates were aware of the importance of the problem, they just could not agree on the substantive issues. 虽然代表们意识到了问题的重要性，但他们就是无法就实质性问题达成一致。

substitute
substitute　［ˈsʌbstɪtjuːt; (US)ˈsʌbstɪtuːt］
vt. 代替〈同 replace〉
例 You can substitute vinegar for lemon juice in this recipe, but it does not taste quite as good. 你可以用醋代替这份菜谱中的柠檬汁，但味道尝起来略差一些。
n. 代替者，代替品〈同 replacement〉
例 Vitamin should not be used as a substitute for a healthy diet. 维生素不应该成为健康饮食的代替品。
联 substitution n. 代替；取代作用

subterranean
subterranean［ˌsʌbtə'reɪnɪən］
adj. 地下的，地表下的〈同　underground, subsurface〉
例　Hitler committed suicide in his subterranean chamber when the Red Army stormed Berlin.（苏联）红军攻克柏林的时候，希特勒在他的地下室里自杀了。

subtle
subtle［'sʌtəl］
adj. 微妙的，细微的〈同 slight, delicate〉
例　Subtle humor is often hard to understand. 微妙的幽默通常难懂。

subtraction
subtraction　［səbˈtrækʃən］
n. 减少；减法〈同 reduction〉
例 The subtraction of a number from a smaller number yields a negative number. 用一个较小的数字减去一个较大的数字会得到负数。
联 subtractive adj. 减去的；负的

suburb
suburb［'sʌbɜ:b］
n. 郊区〈同 outskirts, vicinity〉
例　Many people work in the busy city and live in a quiet suburb. 许多人在繁忙的市里工作，在安静的郊区居住。

subversive
subversive［səb'vɜ:sɪv］
adj. 颠覆性的，破坏性的〈同　undermining, destructive〉
例　Although the general backed the president, he had the subversive intention of usurping his power. 虽然将军支持总统，但他怀着篡夺总统权力的破坏性意图。

succession
succession　［səkˈseʃən］
n. 系列，连续
例 Manchester scored three goals in quick succession. 曼彻斯特队接连进了三个球。
联 successor n. 继承者；后续的事物；successive adj. 连续的，依次的

succinct
succinct［sək'sɪŋkt］
adj. 简明的，简洁的〈同　concise, laconic〉
例　Her succinct letter was one page long and stayed on one topic. 她简洁的来信只有一张纸，一直在谈论一个话题。

succumb
succumb［sə'kʌm］
vi. 屈服，屈从〈同　yield, surrender〉
例　Besieged by debts, the corporation finally had to succumb to bankruptcy. 那家债务缠身的公司最终不得不屈服，被迫破产。

suck
suck　［sʌk］
v. 吸，吮，吸取〈同 absorb〉
例 She was sitting on the grass sucking lemonade through a straw. 她坐在草地上，用吸管喝着柠檬水。

sue
sue［su:］
v. 提出诉讼，控告〈同 appeal〉
例　If he does not pay me by the first of the month, I will have to sue him. 如果他月初不付我钱，我就只好起诉他了。

suffice
suffice［sə'faɪs］
v. 足够，有能力；使满足〈同 be enough〉
例　Will one hundred dollars suffice to buy that stereo? 100美元够买这个立体声音响吗？

sufficient
sufficient　［səˈfɪʃənt］
adj. 足够的，充足的〈同 adequate〉
例 The banks have built up sufficient reserves to cope with the crisis. 为了应对危机，银行已经积累了充足的准备金。
记 来自suffice（v. 足够）；suf（下面）+ fice（做）+ ient→做出来了→足够的
联 sufficiently adv. 十分地，充分地；insufficient adj. 不足的，不够的

suffuse
suffuse［sə'fju:z］
v. （色彩等）弥漫，染遍
解　to spread over
例　A blush suffused her cheeks when we teased her about her boyfriend. 当我们用她的男朋友跟她开玩笑时，她的脸颊一下子就红了。

suicide
suicide［'su:ɪsaɪd; 'sju:ɪsaɪd］
n. 自杀，自毁
例　Some people say smoking cigarettes is a form of suicide. 许多人说吸烟是一种慢性自杀。

suitable
suitable　［ˈsuːtəbəl; ˈsjuːtəbəl］
adj. 适当的；相配的〈同 appropriate〉
例 My mother doesn't like me wearing short skirts to church because she doesn't think they're suitable. 我妈妈不喜欢我穿短裙去教堂，因为她认为短裙在这样的场合不合适。

suitcase
suitcase［'su:tkeɪs; 'sju:tkeɪs］
n. 手提箱，衣箱
例　He packed all his clothes for the trip into one suitcase. 他把旅行要带的所有衣服打包放到了一个箱子里。

summary
summary　［ˈsʌməri］
n. 摘要，概要〈同 abstract〉
例 The author submitted a summary along with the complete manuscript. 作者提交了完整的原稿以及一份摘要。
联 summarize v. 概述，总结

summit
summit［'sʌmɪt］
n. 山顶，顶点〈同 peak, acme〉
例　The climbers placed their country's flag at the mountain's summit. 登山者把他们国家的旗帜插到了山顶上。

summon
summon［'sʌmən］
vt. 召唤，传唤；召集〈同 call〉
例　She was summoned to the principal's office for misbehaving. 由于行为失当，她被叫去院长办公室了。

sumptuous
sumptuous［'sʌmptjʊəs］
adj. 奢侈的，华丽的〈同　luxurious, magnificent〉
例　The 10-course dinner that the master chef prepared last night was absolutely sumptuous. 昨天晚上，主厨准备的有十道菜的晚餐实在太奢侈了。

sunlight
sunlight［'sʌnlaɪt］
n. 日光，阳光
例　Plants need sunlight to live and grow. 植物需要阳光才能生存和生长。

sunset
sunset　［ˈsʌnset］
n. 日落〈同 sundown〉
例 The fishermen set out at sunset for a night's fishing. 渔民们在日落时出发，进行夜间捕鱼。

superb
superb［su:'pɜ:b; sju:'pɜ:b］
adj. 极好的，超级的〈同 excellent, wonderful〉
例　This excellent restaurant serves superb steaks. 这家高档的餐厅有优质牛排。

superficial
superficial　［ˌsuːpəˈfɪʃəl; ˌsjuːpəˈfɪʃəl］
adj. 肤浅的，表面（上）的〈同 shallow〉
例 His kindness was all superficial. Janet exposed him for what he really was. 他的仁慈都是表面现象。珍妮特揭露了他的真实面目。
记 super（超过）+ fic（做）+ ial→在上面做→表面（上)的
联 superficially adv. 表面上地

superficial
superficial［ˌsju:pə'fɪʃəl］
adj. 表面的，肤浅的
解　not deep or penetrating emotionally or intellectually
例　This essay will only give you a superficial understanding of the subject; several years of research are necessary to really understand it. 这篇文章只能让你对这个主题有个肤浅的了解，要想真正理解它，你还需要花费几年的时间进行好好研究。
构　super (=above, over) + fic (=to make, to do) + ial

superfluous
superfluous［ˌsju:'pɜ:flʊəs］
adj. 多余的〈同　unnecessary, excess〉
例　After I was full, the extra food she offered was superfluous. 我吃饱了之后，她额外上的那些食物便多余了。

superfluous
superfluous［ˌsju:'pɜ:flʊəs］
adj. 多余的，过剩的
解　more than is needed, desired, or required; unnecessary
例　The writing professor assigned a word limit to his essay assignment so students would be less likely to use superfluous words. 写作课教授对给学生布置的写作作业设置了字数限制，这样学生们就不太可能出现字数过多的情况。
同　superfluity n. 多余，累赘

superimpose
superimpose［ˌsu:pərɪm'pəʊz］
v. 加在上面，附加
解　to place on top of
例　The picture superimposed the picture of the Democrat on a donkey as a political joke. 这幅图片把民主党的照片叠合在一头驴上当做一个政治笑话。

superintendent
superintendent［ˌsju:pərɪn'tendənt］
n. 主管，负责人〈同　director, supervisor〉
例　The superintendent interviewed applicants for the teaching job. 那名负责人面试了申请教师岗位的求职者。

superior
superior　［suːˈpɪərɪə(r); sjuːˈpɪərɪə(r)］
adj. 较高的，上级的；较好的；优秀的
例 We chose her for the job because she was the superior candidate. 我们选择她来从事这份工作，是因为她是候选人中最出色的一位。
记 super（超级）+ ior→比其他的更好的→较好的
联 superiority n. 优越

superiority
superiority［su:ˌpɪərɪ'ɒrəti］
n. 优越，优秀
例　The stars on the general's uniform are a sign of superiority to lower ranking officers. 将军军装上的星星是其比低级别军官卓越的标志。

supernatural
supernatural［ˌsju:pə'nætʃərəl］
adj. 超自然的，神奇的
例　Many people believe supernatural things like ghosts exist solely in movies. 许多人认为，鬼魂等超自然的东西只存在于电影里。

supersonic
supersonic［ˌsu:pə'sɒnɪk; ˌsju:pə'sɒnɪk］
adj. 超音速的
例　The supersonic jet flew at a speed twice the speed of sound. 超音速战机以音速两倍的速度飞行。

supervise
supervise［'su:pəvaɪz; 'sju:pəvaɪz］
vt. 监督，指导〈同 administer, direct〉
例　The manager supervised the workers to make sure they did a quality job. 经理监督工人以确保他们的工作质量。

supplant
supplant［sə'plɑ:nt］
vt. 排挤；取代〈同　replace, substitute〉
例　E-mail has supplanted mailing letters. 电子邮件已经取代了邮寄信件。

supple
supple［'sʌpl］
adj. 柔软的，灵活的；柔顺的〈同　limber; pliant〉
例　He cut down the supple tree to make a bow for hunting. 他砍倒那棵柔韧的树，来制作打猎用的弓。

supplement
supplement　［ˈsʌplɪmənt］
n./vt. 增补，补充〈同 add, complement〉
例 Mary took a second job to supplement her income. 为了增加收入，玛丽找了第二份工作。
联 supplementary adj. 补充的；supplementation n. 增补，补充；supplemental adj. 补足的，追加的

suppress
suppress［sə'pres］
vt. 镇压，抑制〈同 check, restrain〉
例　Bob would be a more attractive person if he did not suppress his impulses toward warmth and affection. 如果鲍勃不去压抑自己对温暖与爱的向往，他会是一个更有吸引力的人。

suppress
suppress［sə'pres］
v. ① 抑制 ② 镇压
解　① to control and refrain from showing emotions ② to put down by force or authority
例　Men are taught to suppress their tears if they feel like crying. 男人总是被告诫在想哭的时候也要忍住眼泪。

supreme
supreme　［suːˈpriːm; sjuːˈpriːm］
adj.（权力、级别或地位）至高的；最重要的〈同 highest〉
例 The former emperor of China was the supreme ruler of the country. 中国从前的皇帝都是国家的最高统治者。
记 参考 superior（超越的）
联 supremely adv. 无上地，崇高地；supremacy n. 至高无上的权力；supremacist n. 至上主义者；Supreme Court 最高法院

surcharge
surcharge［'sɜ:tʃɑ:ʤ］
n. 增付的费用，附加费
例　The restaurant added a 15% surcharge for groups of guests larger than ten. 酒店对超过十人的团体客人额外收取15%的附加费。

surface
surface　［ˈsɜːfɪs］
n. 表面，外表；水面
例 A thin film of oil was floating on the surface of the sea. 海面上漂着薄薄的一层油。

surface
surface［'sɜ:fɪs］
n. 表面
解　the outside of anything
例　The surface of the wooden boat needs to be waxed before we can set it in the water. 在下水前，木船的表面需要打蜡。

surge
surge［sɜ:ʤ］
n. 汹涌，澎湃，喷发〈同 outburst, eruption〉
例　A surge of anger swept over her when she saw her boyfriend with another woman. 当看见自己的男朋友和别的女人在一起的时候，她怒火中烧。

surgery
surgery　［ˈsɜːʤəri］
n. 外科；手术
例 The patient underwent eight hours of surgery on his heart. 患者经历了八个小时的心脏手术。
联 surgeon n. 外科医生

surmount
surmount［sə'maʊnt］
vt. 克服；登上；越过〈同　overcome; climb〉
例　The fact that Abraham Lincoln was able to surmount the handicap of limited education does not mean that everyone should quit school. 亚伯拉罕·林肯能够克服受教育不足的障碍，并不意味着所有人都应该辍学。

surpass
surpass［sə'pɑ:s; (US)sər'pæs］
vt. 超越，胜过〈同 exceed〉
例　Her TOEFL scores surpassed our expectations. 她的托福考试成绩超过了我们的期望。

surrender
surrender　［səˈrendə(r)］
v. ① 投降〈同 yield〉
例 They would rather die than surrender. 他们宁死不降。
例 The drunken driver surrendered his license. 那位酒驾司机被吊销了驾照。

survey
survey　［ˈsɜːveɪ; səˈveɪ］
n./v. 调查〈同 poll〉
例 The government agency conducted a survey about public health. 政府机构进行了一项关于公众健康的调查。

survival
survival［sə'vaɪvəl］
n. 幸存
解　living
例　Survival is the most basic instinct in animals. 生存是动物最基本的本能。

survive
survive　［səˈvaɪv］
vi.（人）幸免于难，活下来；（物）耐久〈同 outlive; endure〉
例 The baby was born with a heart problem and only survived for a few hours. 那个孩子出生的时候心脏有问题，只存活了几个小时。
联 survival n. 生存，幸存；survivor n. 生还者；残存物；survivability n. 存活率，生命力

susceptible
susceptible［sə'septɪbəl］
adj. 易受影响的；敏感的，过敏的〈同 vulnerable, sensitive〉
例　She was susceptible to crying on rainy days. 她容易在下雨天哭泣。

suspect
suspect
例 Janet's testimony was suspect and drew the attention of the lawyer. 珍妮特的证词很可疑，引起了律师的注意。
例 No one knows who killed her, but the police suspect her husband. 没有人知道是谁杀了她，不过警方怀疑是她的丈夫。

suspend
suspend　［səˈspend］
vt. ① 吊，悬挂〈同 hang〉
例 When a magnet is freely suspended it becomes a compass. 把一块磁铁随意地悬挂起来，它就会变成一个指南针。
例 The ferry service has been suspended because of bad weather. 由于天气恶劣，摆渡服务中止了。
联 suspender n. 吊裤带；suspense n. 悬念；悬而未决的事情；suspension n. 吊，悬浮；暂停，延迟

suspicion
suspicion　［səˈspɪʃən］
n. 怀疑〈同 mistrust〉
例 There is a growing suspicion that the men who were jailed for the bombing were in fact innocent. 越来越多的人怀疑，因爆炸案被捕的那些人实际上是无辜的。
联 suspicious adj. 可疑的

suspicious
suspicious［sə'spɪʃəs］
adj.（人或物）可疑的；好猜疑的，怀疑的〈同 questionable, mistrustful〉
例　Bob was suspicious of everyone who came to his door. 鲍勃怀疑每一个来找他的人。

sustain
sustain　［səˈsteɪn］
vt. 维持；支撑〈同 maintain〉
例 The trees could not sustain the attack of the locusts. 树木无法承受蝗虫的袭击。
联 sustained adj. 持续不变的；sustenance n. 食物；生计

sustenance
sustenance［'sʌstɪnəns］
n. 食物，生计〈同　food; livelihood〉
例　In the tropics, the natives find sustenance easy to obtain, due to all the fruit trees. 在热带地区，因为到处都是果树，当地人发现很容易便能获得食物。

swallow
swallow　［ˈswɒləʊ］
v. 吞下，咽下
例 Anne swallowed two vitamins with a glass of water. 安妮用一杯水喝下了两片维生素。
n. 燕子
例 Janet awoke at sunrise with the song of the swallows. 黎明时分，伴随着燕子的歌声，珍妮特从睡梦中醒来。

swamp
swamp［swɒmp］
n. 沼泽，湿地〈同 marsh, bog〉
例　The swamp was full of snakes and alligators. 沼泽里到处都是蛇和短吻鳄。

swarm
swarm［swɔ:m］
n. 蜂群，一大群〈同 throng, flock〉
例　A swarm of bees attacked the bear that was trying to steal their honey. 一群蜜蜂攻击了一头想要偷蜂蜜的熊。
v. 挤满，密集〈同 teem, crowd〉
例　Her friends swarmed around her when she scored the winning goal. 她打入制胜球时，朋友们都围住了她。

sway
sway　［sweɪ］
vi. 摇摆，摇动〈同 swing〉
例 The trees were swaying in the wind. 树木在风中摇摆。
vt. 使转变，说服〈同 persuade〉
例 Herb's speech failed to sway his colleagues into supporting the plan. 赫布的演讲未能说服他的同事们支持这个计划。

swear
swear　［swɛə(r)］
v. 发誓〈同 vow〉
例 I swear I don't know anything about what happened. 我发誓，我对所发生的事一无所知。

sweep
sweep　［swiːp］
v. ① 清扫，打扫〈同 clean〉
例 I sweep the floor with a broom. 我用扫帚扫地。
例 The army swept over the border, eliminating all resistance. 军队对边境展开猛烈攻击，消灭了所有抵抗力量。
联 sweeping adj. 彻底的，广泛的

swell
swell　［swel］
vt. 肿胀，膨胀〈同 bulge〉
例 The insect bite made her finger swell. 蚊虫的叮咬让她的手指肿胀起来。
联 swelling n. 肿胀

swift
swift　［swɪft］
adj. 迅速的，敏捷的〈同 quick〉
例 The swift current carried the raft downstream. 急流带着救生艇顺流而下。
联 swiftness n. 迅速，敏捷；swiftly adv. 很快地；即刻

swing
swing　［swɪŋ］
v. 摇摆，摆动〈同 sway〉
例 She swung her tennis racket to hit the ball. 她挥动网球拍击球。
联 upswing n./v. 高涨；向上摆动

switch
switch［swɪtʃ］
n. 开关，电闸；转换，转变
例　The switch is next to the door. 开关在门的旁边。
v. 转换，转变〈同 exchange〉
例　Please switch off the light when you leave. 走的时候请关灯。

sycophant
sycophant［'sɪkəfənt］
n. 马屁精
解　a person who tries to please someone in order to gain a personal advantage
例　A sycophant looks like a friend, but the way he flatters is like a dog. 马屁精看起来像是朋友，但是他们献媚的方式就像狗一样。
构　syco (=a fig tree) + phan (=to show) + t

syllable
syllable［'sɪləbəl］
n. 音节
例　“Hello”is a two-syllable word. Hello是一个双音节词。

symbiosis
symbiosis［ˌsɪmbaɪ'əʊsɪs; ˌsɪmbɪ-］
n. 共生（关系），共栖
例　Coral reefs owe their brilliant colors to algae that live in symbiosis with coral polyps. 珊瑚礁绚丽的色彩归因于与珊瑚共生的藻类。

symbol
symbol　［ˈsɪmbəl］
n. 符号，记号；象征〈同 sign, signal〉
例 The statue outside the court building is considered a symbol of justice. 法院大楼外的雕像被视为正义的象征。
联 symbolism n. 象征主义；符号论；symbolic adj. 象征的，符号的；symbolize v. 象征

symbolize
symbolize［'sɪmbəlaɪz］
v. 象征〈同　represent; signify〉
例　The eagle symbolizes strength and freedom for Americans. 鹰代表着美国人的力量与自由。

symmetric
symmetric［sɪ'metrɪk］
adj. 对称的
解　having similarity in size, shape, and relative position of corresponding parts
例　A diagonal cut of a square makes two symmetric sides. 将正方形沿对角线切开可以得到两个对称的部分。
同　symmetrical adj. 对称的

symmetrical
symmetrical［sɪ'metrɪkəl］
adj. 对称的〈同　proportionally balanced, even〉
例　Human bodies are not bilaterally symmetrical since they have a spleen on only one side. 人体并非左右对称的，由于人只在单侧有一个脾脏。

symmetry
symmetry［'sɪmɪtri］
n. 对称（性），匀称〈同 balance〉
例　The addition of a second tower will give this edifice the symmetry which it now lacks. 再建一座高楼将使这栋大厦呈现出一种对称感，而这是它目前所欠缺的。

symmetry
symmetry［'sɪmɪtri］
n. 对称；均衡
解　regularity and balance in the arrangement of parts; even proportion and harmony
例　Scientists have proven that humans see symmetry as beauty. 科学家已经证实人类把对称看做美。

sympathetic
sympathetic［ˌsɪmpə'θetɪk］
adj. ① 有同情心的
例　He had a vocation for teaching in poor countries because he is a very sympathetic person. 他选择在贫穷国家从事教育工作，因为他是一个富有同情心的人。
例　The teacher was sympathetic to the class's plan for a trip to the museum. 老师对班级参观博物馆的计划表示赞同。

sympathy
sympathy　［ˈsɪmpəθi］
n. 同情，同情心〈同 compassion〉
例 He appreciated her expression of sympathy. 他非常感谢她表达的同情。
联 sympathize v. 同情，体谅；sympathetic adj. 有同情心的；合意的，赞成的

sympathy
sympathy［'sɪmpəθi］
n. 同情
解　sharing the feelings of others (especially feelings of sorrow or anguish)
例　She felt sympathy for the bird with a broken wing and nursed it back to health. 她同情这只翅膀受伤的鸟儿，一直护理它直到康复。
近　symphony n. 交响乐，交响曲；sociopath n. 极端反社会的人
同　sympathetic adj. 有同情心的

symphony
symphony［'sɪmfəni］
n. 交响乐，交响曲
例　The opera singer was accompanied by a symphony at the concert last week. 上周音乐会的歌剧是由交响乐伴奏的。

symphony
symphony［'sɪmfəni］
n. 交响乐，交响曲
解　an elaborate musical composition for an orchestra
例　Tickets to the country's national symphony concert on National Day were sold out days before the event. 在国庆节当天举办的国家交响音乐会的门票在演出开始数天前就已经售罄。
近　symptom n. 病兆，症状；asymptomatic adj. 无征兆的

symposium
symposium［sɪm'pəʊzɪəm］
n. 讨论会，座谈会〈同 seminar〉
例　The symposium on peace invited distinguished professors and leading politicians for discussion. 这个关于和平的研讨会邀请了著名的专家和主要的政治家参与讨论。

symptom
symptom［'sɪmptəm］
n. 症状；征兆〈同 sign, indication〉
例　One symptom of the disease is a high fever. 这种疾病的症状之一是发高烧。

synchronize
synchronize［'sɪŋkrənaɪz］
v.（使）同步
例　She synchronized her watch with the clock at the railway station. 她照着火车站的时钟调了手表。

synonym
synonym［'sɪnənɪm］
n. 同义词
例　He sought a synonym to help explain the word's meaning. 他找到了一个同义词，帮助解释那个单词的意思。

synonymous
synonymous［sɪ'nɒnɪməs］
adj. 同义的
解　having the same or nearly the same meaning
例　The name “Bill Gates” has been synonymous with Windows software in recent years. 最近几年，比尔·盖茨的名字几乎成了Windows软件的同义词。

synthesis
synthesis［'sɪnθɪsɪs］
n. 综合，合成〈同 integration〉
例　Humans need some sunlight for the synthesis of Vitamin D which takes place in the skin. 人体需要点阳光才能在皮肤内合成维生素D。

synthesize
synthesize［'sɪnθəsaɪz］
vt. 综合；合成〈同　integrate, combine〉
例　Mary synthesized her report from interviews with dozens of people. 玛丽通过采访数十人，整合出她的报道。

synthetic
synthetic　［sɪnˈθetɪk］
adj. 合成的，人造的〈同 artificial〉
例 During the twentieth century, many synthetic products began to replace natural ones. 在20世纪，许多合成产品开始代替天然产品。
联 synthesize v. 综合，合成

syrup
syrup［'sɪrəp］
n. 糖浆，果汁
例　Americans usually add syrup to the top of their pancakes. 美国人通常在薄烤饼上涂上糖浆。

systematic
systematic　［ˌsɪstəˈmætɪk］
adj. 系统的，体系的〈同 ordered, methodical〉
例 Systematic changes in foreign policy have been proposed. 人们提出对外交政策进行系统性改变。

tableland
tableland［'teɪbəllænd］
n. 高原〈同　plateau〉
例　You can get a panoramic view of the city from the tableland. 从高地可以俯瞰整个城市的全景。

tablet
tablet［'tæblɪt］
n. ① 便笺簿〈同 pad〉
例　The university bookstore stocks a large supply of writing tablets. 这家大学书店采购了大量的便笺薄。
例　The big medicine bottle contained 1,000 tablets. 这个大药瓶装有1000片药。

taboo
taboo［tə'bu:］
n./adj. 禁忌（的），忌讳（的）〈同　prohibited, ban〉
例　A taboo is something that people do not usually or openly talk about. 禁忌是人们通常不会谈论或公开谈论的东西。

tackle
tackle［'tækəl］
vt. 应付（难事等），处理〈同 undertake〉
例　Don't tackle a project you can't finish. 不要承接你完成不了的项目。

tactic
tactic［'tæktɪk］
n. 战术，用兵学；策略，手段〈同 strategy, policy〉
例　Anne's tactic of confronting her boss directly was successful. 安娜直接对抗上司的策略很成功。

tactile
tactile［'tæktaɪl; (US)-təl］
adj. 触觉的；可触觉的〈同　tangible, perceptible〉
例　His calloused hands had lost their tactile sensitivity. 他双手长满了老茧，对触觉不敏感了。

tag
tag［tæg］
vt. 给…加标签；添加，附加〈同　attach, append〉
例　The cashier tagged a surcharge onto the bill. 出纳在账单上添上了一笔附加费。
n. 标签，货签〈同　label〉
例　The tag on the shirt says it costs 20 dollars. 衬衫的标签上写着其价格是20美元。

taint
taint［teɪnt］
n. 污点〈同　stain, blot〉
例　The one incident was a permanent taint on his reputation. 那件事是他名誉上永久的污点。
vt. 污染；玷污〈同　contaminate; blemish〉
例　The water was tainted with waste from the factory. 水被工厂排放的废物污染了。

talent
talent　［ˈtælənt］
n. 才能；天才〈同 skill; gift〉
例 She is a young dancer of great talent. 她是一位很有天赋的年轻舞者。
联 talented adj. 有才能的

talkative
talkative［'tɔ:kətɪv］
adj. 多话的〈同　garrulous, loquacious〉
例　He was very shy as a boy, but became more talkative as he got older. 他小的时候非常腼腆，但长大后变得健谈多了。

tally
tally［'tæli］
v.（使）符合〈同　agree, correspond〉
例　The two statements do not tally at all. 这两份声明根本不一致。
n. 记录；记账〈同　count〉
例　The final tally of the votes indicated that the incumbent won. 选举的最终票数显示，现任者获得选举的胜利。

tame
tame　［teɪm］
vt. 驯养，驯服〈同 domesticate〉
例 It is quite difficult to tame wild animals. 驯服野生动物很难。
adj.（指动物）驯服的，温顺的〈同 domesticated, meek〉
例 The monkeys born at the zoo are tame. 在动物园出生的猴子非常温顺。
记 发音像北京话“忒没”→忒没脾气了→驯服的
联 untamed adj. 未驯服的；tameless adj. 无法驯服的

tangle
tangle［'tæŋg(ə)l］
n./v.（处于）混乱状态；（使）缠结〈同 mess, snarl〉
例　The insect was tangled up in the spider's web and could not escape. 昆虫被蜘蛛网缠住了，没法逃跑。

tap
tap　［tæp］
vt. 开发，利用〈同 utilize〉
例 Western cities in China have expanded their water supplies by tapping even more remote sources. 中国西部城市通过开发更偏远地区的水源来增加供水量。
联 untapped adj. 未使用的

tar
tar［tɑ:(r)］
n. 焦油，柏油
例　This cigarette with lower tar is probably less harmful. 吸这种焦油含量低的香烟可能对健康的损害少一点。

tardy
tardy［'tɑ:di］
adj. 迟到的；缓慢的〈同　late; slow〉
例　He was tardy for the meeting and ran all the way there. 他开会迟到了，一路跑到那里。

target
target　［ˈtɑːɡɪt］
n. 目标，对象〈同 object〉
例 The target of the attack was a train station in the center of the city. 袭击的目标是市中心的一个火车站。

tariff
tariff［'tærɪf］
n. 关税
例　The government imposed a higher tariff to discourage imports. 政府征收高额关税来限制进口。

tarnish
tarnish［'tɑ:nɪ∫］
n. 晦暗，污点〈同　discoloration〉
例　The tarnish on her silverware was difficult to remove. 她银器上的污点很难清除。
vt. 使失去光泽；玷污〈同　darken; stain〉
例　The accident tarnished John's driving record. 那次事故破坏了约翰良好的驾驶记录。

tavern
tavern［'tævən］
n. 小酒店；客栈〈同　bar〉
例　The teammates met at the tavern for a drink after the game. 比赛结束后，队员们聚在酒馆里喝酒。

tease
tease［ti:z］
vt. 取笑，逗恼，奚落〈同 ridicule〉
例　He always teased his little sister and made her cry. 他总是戏弄他妹妹，把她弄哭。

technician
technician　［tekˈnɪʃən］
n. 技术员，技师
例 The technicians tested the elevator after it was installed. 电梯安装完后，技术人员对它进行了检验。

technique
technique　［tekˈniːk］
n. 技术，技巧，方法〈同 skill, method〉
例 We have developed a new technique for detecting errors in the manufacturing process. 我们开发了一种新技术，用于检测生产过程中的失误。

technocracy
technocracy［tek'nɒkrəsi］
n. 技术统治
解　a form of government in which scientists and technical experts are in control
例　A group of computer engineers dreamed of creating a technocracy based on the Internet. 一些电脑工程师梦想创建一个基于互联网的技术统治政府。

tectonics
tectonics［tek'tɒnɪks］
n.【地】构造学
例　Tectonics is the scientific study of the deformation of the rocks that make up the Earth's crust and the forces that produce such deformation. 构造地质学是关于构成地壳的岩石的变化以及造成这种变化的力的科学研究。

tedious
tedious　［ˈtiːdɪəs］
adj. 单调乏味的，沉闷的〈同 tiresome〉
例 The tedious lecture bored most of the audience. 沉闷乏味的演讲让大多数听众感到厌烦。
记 ted（厌倦）+ious→让人厌倦的→单调乏味的
联 tedium n. 乏味

tedium
tedium［'ti:dɪəm］
n. 单调乏味〈同　drudgery, boredom〉
例　We hope this radio will help overcome the tedium of your stay in the hospital. 我们希望这台收音机能够帮助你消除住院期间的无聊。

temper
temper　［ˈtempə(r)］
n. 脾气，性情〈同 mood, disposition〉
例 My boss was in a good temper all day today. 我的老板今天一整天心情都很好。
vi. 缓和，调节〈同 modulate〉
例 Anne's harsh words were tempered with a kind smile. 安妮的话语严厉，脸上却带着和蔼的微笑，缓和了气氛。

temperament
temperament［'tempərəmənt］
n. 气质，性情
例　The teacher's patient and sweet temperament made her the children's favorite teacher. 这位老师耐心亲切，这使她成了孩子们最喜欢的老师。

temperate
temperate［'tempərɪt］
adj. ①（气候等）温和的〈同　moderate, gentle〉
例　The United States is mostly in the North Temperate Zone. 美国大部分都处在北温带。
例　Noted for his temperate appetite, he seldom gains weight. 他以适度饮食而出名，体重很少会增加。

tempo
tempo［'tempəʊ］
n.（音乐）速度，拍子〈同 pace〉
例　As the music reached a frenetic tempo the audience lost all decorum and broke into impromptu dancing. 随着音乐节奏变得狂热，观众们也丢掉矜持，即兴跳起舞来。

tempo
tempo［'tempəʊ］
n. （音乐）速度，拍子
解　the speed at which a composition is to be played
例　Professional dancers can naturally move to the rhythm and tempo of the music. 专业舞蹈家会自然地跟着音乐的节拍和旋律起舞。

temporary
temporary　［ˈtemprəri］
adj. 短暂的，暂时的〈同 impermanent〉
例 The temporary worker was soon replaced by a permanent employee. 临时工很快就被永久雇员所代替。
记 tempor（时间）+ary→短时间的→短暂的
联 temporarily adv. 暂时地，临时地

temporary
temporary［'tempərəri］
adj. 短暂的，暂时的
解　lasting for a short time only; used for the time being; not permanent
例　Although bad times may seem never-ending, they are temporary just like everything else. 虽然糟糕的境遇似乎无休无止，但是它们和所有事情一样，都是暂时的。

tempt
tempt　［tempt］
vt. 诱惑；吸引〈同 entice〉
例 The chocolate cake tempts the little girl. 巧克力蛋糕吸引着那个小女孩。
联 tempting adj. 诱惑人的；temptation n. 诱惑；诱惑物

tenant
tenant［'tenənt］
n. 承租人，房客〈同 occupant, resident〉
例　The tenants of the office building are mainly small firms. 租用这座办公楼的基本上都是些小公司。

tend
tend　［tend］
v. ① 倾向于
例 It tends to snow a lot in the polar regions. 极地地区往往会下很多雪。
例 The nurse gently tended the patient's cuts and bruises. 护士温柔地护理患者的伤口和瘀伤。
联 tendency n. 趋向；癖好

tendency
tendency［'tendənsɪ］
n. 趋势，倾向〈同 trend, propensity〉
例　A tendency in all human beings is to try to survive. 生存是所有人的本性。

tender
tender　［ˈtendə(r)］
adj. 嫩的，柔软的；体贴的〈同 gentle〉
例 The tender lobster meat is worth the effort of cracking the hard shell. 柔软的龙虾肉值得费力剥开硬壳。
记 tend（注意，关心)+er→关心的→体贴的
联 tenderness n. 亲切，温柔

tenement
tenement［'tenəmənt］
n.（穷人）公寓〈同　apartment〉
例　The government was trying to renovate the shabby tenement for the poor. 政府正努力对贫困者的破旧房屋进行翻修。

tense
tense［tens］
adj. 紧张的；拉紧的〈同 strained, tight〉
例　The bath relaxed Mary's tense muscles. 玛丽洗了个澡，使紧张的肌肉得到了放松。

tension
tension　［ˈtenʃən］
n. 紧张（状态)，压力〈同 stress〉
例 You could feel the tension in the room as we waited for our exam results. 我们在等待考试结果的时候，能感受到教室里的紧张气氛。

tension
tension［'tenʃən］
n. ① 紧张 ② 张力
解　① mental, emotional, or nervous strain ② a force tending to stretch or elongate sth.
例　The tension of the bow gives speed to the arrow. 弓的张力使箭产生速度。

tentacle
tentacle［'tentəkəl］
n. 触角，触须，触手
例　The tentacles of the giant octopus capsized the ship. 巨型章鱼的触手弄翻了那条船。

tentative
tentative［'tentətɪv］
adj. 试验性的，试探的；暂定的〈同 unconfirmed〉
例　They made tentative plans to have dinner sometime next week. 他们暂时计划下周找个时间一起吃晚饭。

term
term　［tɜːm］
n. ① 学期
例 Janet has finished her first term at business school. 珍妮特结束了她在商学院的第一个学期。
例 The term used to describe the Treasury Minister in Great Britain is “the Chancellor”. 曾经用来称呼英国财政部长的术语是“财政大臣”。

terminal
terminal　［ˈtɜːmɪnəl］
n. ① 总站，终点站
例 The bus took the passengers directly to the terminal. 公交车直接将乘客送到了终点站。
例 I waited in the computer lab for the next available terminal. 我在计算机实验室等着下一个可以使用的终端机。

terminate
terminate［'tɜ:mɪneɪt］
v. 停止，结束〈同 stop, end〉
例　She became so upset that she terminated the conversation by hanging up. 她变得心烦意乱，然后挂断电话，结束了谈话。

terminology
terminology［ˌtɜ:mɪ'nɒləʤi］
n. 用辞，术语〈同　terms, vocabulary〉
例　He cannot understand the terminology in the machine's manual. 他无法理解设备使用手册中的术语。

terminus
terminus［'tɜ:mɪnəs］
n.（火车、 汽车的）终点站〈同　last station, terminal〉
例　After we reached the railroad terminus, we continued our journey into the wilderness on horseback. 抵达火车的终点站后，我们继续骑马深入荒野。

termite
termite［'tɜ:maɪt］
n. 白蚁
例　Termites are insects that feed on wood. 白蚁是以木头为食的昆虫。

terrace
terrace［'terəs］
n. 梯田；阳台
例　The family enjoyed having breakfast outside on the terrace. 这家人喜欢在屋外的阳台上吃早餐。
vt. 使成梯田
例　The roadway was terraced into the side of the mountain. 小路在山腰上蜿蜒盘旋，成梯田状。

terrain
terrain［tə'reɪn］
n. 地势，地形〈同 land, landform, topography〉
例　The mountainous terrain required people to wear hiking boots. 山区的地形决定了人们需要穿登山靴。

terrestrial
terrestrial［tɪ'restrɪəl］
adj. 地球（上）的；陆地的〈同　terraneous〉
例　Humans are an example of terrestrial animals. 人类是陆栖动物的一个例子。

terrific
terrific［tə'rɪfɪk］
adj. 极好的〈同 excellent〉
例　Sally's promotion was terrific news for the whole family. 萨利升职了，这对于全家来说真是个大好消息。

terrify
terrify［'terɪfaɪ］
vt. 使恐怖，使惊吓〈同 frighten〉
例　The thought of a major potential earthquake terrifies many Southern Californians. 一想到可能会有一场大地震，许多加利福尼亚南部的居民就很害怕。

territory
territory　［ˈterətəri; (US)ˈterɪtɔːri］
n. 领土，地域〈同 region〉
例 Children's books are a new territory for the publisher. 儿童书籍是出版商关注的一个新领域。
联 territorial adj. 领土的；区域的

terror
terror　［ˈterə(r)］
n. 恐怖；恐怖的缘由
例 Janet awoke from her nightmare with a feeling of terror. 珍妮特从噩梦中醒来，心里感到一阵恐惧。
联 terrorism n. 恐怖主义；terrorist n. 恐怖分子；terrorize v. 使恐惧；恐吓

testify
testify［'testɪfaɪ］
v. 证明，证实；作证〈同 affirm, witness〉
例　The witness testified against the defendant in court today. 目击证人今天在法庭上作证指控了被告。

testimony
testimony［'testɪməni; (US)'testɪməʊni］
n. 证据，【律】证言〈同 evidence〉
例　Her testimony was very believable and led to the criminal's conviction. 她的证词非常有力可信，因此罪犯被判有罪。

textile
textile［'tekstaɪl］
n. 纺织品
例　The fabric store sold many types of textiles. 纺织品店销售很多种纺织品。

texture
texture［'tekstʃə(r)］
n. 质地；（材料等的）结构〈同 structure〉
例　Burlap has a much coarser texture than linen. 粗麻布比亚麻布的质地粗糙得多。

thaw
thaw［θɔ:］
n. 解冻
例　After the winter there is a thaw when the snow melts away. 冬天结束后有一个解冻期，雪开始融化。
v.（使）解冻，（使）融化〈同　melt, defrost〉
例　The frozen fish thawed when I placed it in the warm water. 我把冷冻的鱼放到温水里后，它便开始解冻。

theft
theft［θeft］
n. 偷窃〈同 stealing〉
例　The prisoner was jailed for theft. 这个囚徒由于偷盗而入狱。

theme
theme［θi:m］
n.（谈话、写作等的）题目；主题〈同 subject〉
例　Love is a recurring theme in popular music these days. 在当今的流行音乐里，爱情是个反复出现的主题。

theoretical
theoretical　［ˌθɪəˈretɪkəl］
adj. 理论上的〈同 academic〉
例 A theoretical possibility is something which could, but is unlikely to, happen according to the known facts. 理论上的可行性是指某件事情能够发生，但根据已知事实不可能发生。
联 theoretically adv. 理论上

therapy
therapy［'θerəpi］
n. 治疗（法）〈同 treatment〉
例　He had to undergo therapy to fully recover from his broken back. 为了使背伤完全康复，他不得不接受治疗。

thereby
thereby　［ˈðɛəˌbaɪ］
adv. 因此，从而〈同 thus, accordingly〉
例 Diets that are high in saturated fat and cholesterol tend to clog up our arteries, thereby reducing the blood flow to our hearts and brains. 饱和脂肪和胆固醇含量过高的食物，易造成动脉堵塞，进而减少心脏和大脑的供血量。

thermometer
thermometer［θə'mɒmɪtə(r)］
n. 温度计
解　instrument for measuring temperature
例　Little Timmy's mom feared he had a fever and used a thermometer to take his temperature. 小蒂米的母亲担心他发烧，用体温计给他测量了体温。
构　thermo (=heat) + meter (=to measure)

thesis
thesis［'θi:sɪs］
n. 论题，论文〈同 dissertation〉
例　Each senior had to write a thesis before graduating from college. 每位大四学生在大学毕业前必须写一篇论文。

thigh
thigh［θaɪ］
n. 大腿
例　The soccer player had strong thighs from all his exercise. 经过训练，那名足球运动员的大腿变得非常强壮。

thirsty
thirsty　［ˈθɜːsti］
adj. 口渴的
例 I felt hot and thirsty after hours of walking. 走了几个小时之后，我感觉又热又渴。
联 thirst n. 渴，口渴

thorn
thorn［θɔ:n］
n.【植】刺，棘，荆棘
例　A rose is beautiful but its thorns are sharp. 玫瑰虽然漂亮，但也带着锋利的刺。

thorough
thorough　［ˈθʌrə; (US)ˈθɜːrəʊ］
adj. 完全的，彻底的〈同 complete〉
例 The maid did such a thorough job of cleaning our kitchen that it looked new. 女仆对我们的厨房进行了非常彻底的打扫，厨房看起来就跟新的一样。
联 thoroughly adv. 彻底地

thoughtful
thoughtful　［ˈθɔːtfʊl］
adj. ① 体贴的，考虑周到的〈同 considerate〉
例 It was thoughtful of you to make all the necessary arrangements for me. 你为我做了所有必要的安排，真是太周到了。
例 Andrew Wyeth is famous for his realistic and thoughtful paintings of people and places. 安德鲁•怀斯以其极富思想性的写实主义肖像画和风景画而著名。

threaten
threaten　［ˈθretən］
v. ① 威胁〈同 intimidate〉
例 The man threatened revenge on the police. 这个男人威胁要报复警察。
例 When heavy rains threatened, we canceled our picnic. 马上就要下暴雨了，我们取消了野餐。

threshold
threshold［'θreʃhəʊld］
n. 开始，开端〈同 entrance〉
例　The year 2001 is the threshold of a new millennium. 2001年是新千年的开始。

thrifty
thrifty［'θrɪfti］
adj. 节省的，节俭的〈同 economical〉
例　A thrifty shopper compares prices before making purchases. 勤俭节约的人在购物时会比较一下价格。

thrifty
thrifty［'θrɪfti］
adj. 节省的，节俭的〈同　economical, frugal〉
例　A thrifty shopper compares prices before making major purchases. 节俭的购物者在进行大规模采购之前，会进行比价。

thrill
thrill［θrɪl］
v.（使）使激动；（使）发抖
例　She was thrilled to hear that her son was coming back home for Christmas. 听儿子说他要回家过圣诞节，她特别激动。

thrive
thrive　［θraɪv］
vi. 繁荣，兴旺；茁壮成长〈同 flourish〉
例 Most plants thrive in sunlight. 大多数植物在阳光下会茁壮成长。
联 thriving adj. 繁荣的；thrive on 在…中旺盛生长

throat
throat　［θrəʊt］
n. 咽喉，喉咙
例 I drank hot tea because my throat was sore. 我喝了热茶，因为我的嗓子疼。

throne
throne［θrəʊn］
n. 王座；君主
例　The king sat on his throne when guests would enter his chamber. 当宾客进入大殿的时候，国王已经坐在了宝座上。

throughout
throughout　［θruːˈaʊt］
prep. 遍及，贯穿〈同 during〉
例 Someone in the audience was talking throughout the entire movie. 在整部电影放映的过程中，观众里一直有人在说话。

thrust
thrust　［θrʌst］
n. 推力，冲〈同 push〉
例 With a powerful thrust of his foot, the policeman broke open the door. 警察的脚一用力，便把门踹开了。
vt. 冲；插入，用力刺
例 He is strong enough to thrust himself through the locked door. 他非常强壮，可以撞开上锁的门。

thumb
thumb　［θʌm］
n. 拇指
例 The thumb is the short, thick finger of the hand. It can be moved against one of the other four fingers to grasp things. 拇指是手上又短又粗的那个手指。它可以移向其他四个手指里的一个来抓东西。

thunder
thunder　［ˈθʌndə(r)］
n. 雷；雷声
例 The thunder woke me up about midnight when it started to rain. 大约半夜的时候，我被雷声惊醒，这时外面开始下雨。

thunderstorm
thunderstorm［'θʌndəstɔ:m］
n. 雷雨
例　The thunderstorm this morning made the sky turn black. 今天上午的雷雨让天空变得一片漆黑。

tick
tick［tɪk］
vi. 滴答地响
例　The clock ticked every second. 时钟每秒都滴答作响。

tide
tide　［taɪd］
n. 潮汐；潮流〈同 current〉
例 As the tide came in, it destroyed the sandcastle I had built. 潮水涌上来，冲毁了我刚刚堆起的沙堡。
联 tidal adj. 潮汐的；定时涨落的

tidy
tidy　［ˈtaɪdi］
adj. 整洁的，整齐的〈同 neat〉
例 My son is very tidy and never goes out without making his bed. 我儿子非常爱整洁，不整理好床铺绝对不出去。
联 其他表示“整洁的”的词：neat, clean

tie
tie　［taɪ］
v. 系，扎〈同 fasten〉
例 She tied the ribbon tightly in a knot. 她把丝带紧紧地系成一个结。
联 tie up 阻碍

tight
tight［taɪt］
adj. 紧的；绷紧的；紧密的〈同 firm〉
例　The bottle cap was too tight and she had to ask her older brother to help her open it. 瓶盖太紧了，她不得不让她的哥哥帮她打开。

tile
tile［taɪl］
n. 瓦片；瓷砖
例　The white bathroom tiles needed to be cleaned every two days. 浴室的白瓷砖每隔两天就需要清洁一次。

tilt
tilt［tɪlt］
n. 倾斜〈同 slant, lean〉
例　The Leaning Tower of Pisa has so much tilt it looks as if it should fall. 比萨斜塔如此地倾斜，看上去就好像快要倒了。

timber
timber［'tɪmbə(r)］
n. 木材，木料〈同 wood, lumber, log〉
例　Timber is sold for the construction of new homes. 人们购买木料来建造新房。

timely
timely［'taɪmli］
adj. 及时的，适时的〈同 opportune〉
例　The professor always arrived at class in a timely fashion. 教授总是在上课的时候刚好准时赶到。

timid
timid［'tɪmɪd］
adj. 胆怯的，羞怯的〈同 shy〉
例　The timid student was afraid to talk to his teacher. 这个胆小的学生害怕和老师讲话。

tint
tint［tɪnt］
vt. 给…着色；微染〈同　dye, color〉
例　He tinted his car windows in order to block out the sunlight. 为了遮挡阳光，他给汽车窗户染了色。
n. 色彩〈同　tinge, color〉
例　The wallpaper has a slight yellow tint. 壁纸有一种轻微的黄色调。

tip
tip　［tɪp］
n. ① 顶，尖端〈同 nib〉
例 If I stand on the tips of my toes, I can just reach the top of the cupboard. 如果踮起脚尖，我刚好能够到橱柜的顶部。
例 I gave my barber a large tip. 我给了理发师一大笔小费。
联 fingertip n. 指尖；tiptoe n. 脚尖 v. 用脚尖走

tissue
tissue　［ˈtɪʃuː; ˈtɪsjuː］
n.【生】组织
例 The tissues of the body constitute organs. 人体组织构成了器官。
联 tissular adj. 组织的

toast
toast　［təʊst］
n. 烤面包（片），吐司面包
例 I've ordered buttered toast and coffee. 我点了黄油土司和咖啡。
v. 烤
例 I like my bread lightly toasted. 我喜欢把面包稍微烤一下。

toe
toe　［təʊ］
n. 趾，脚趾，足尖
例 My toes are cramped in these narrow shoes. 这双鞋太瘦了，我的脚趾被挤得很痛。
联 toed adj. 有趾的

token
token［'təʊkən］
n. 象征，记号〈同 symbol〉
例　Please accept this gift as a token of gratitude for your friendship. 请接受这份礼物，以表达我对你的情谊的感谢之情。

tolerant
tolerant　［ˈtɒlərənt］
adj. 容忍的；宽容的〈同 permissive〉
例 He is not tolerant of other people's opinions; he thinks that he is always right. 他不能容忍其他人的意见；他认为自己永远是正确的。
记 toler（承受，容忍）+ant→容忍的
联 tolerance n. 忍受，宽容；toleration n. 容忍；intolerable adj. 无法忍受的；intolerant adj. 不能包容的

topography
topography［tə'pɒgrəfi］
n. 地形，地形学
例　Before the generals gave the order to attack, they made a complete study of the topography of the region. 将军们下达攻击的命令之前，他们对该地区的地形进行了全面研究。

topsoil
topsoil［'tɒpsɔɪl］
n. 表层土
例　The topsoil should be fertilized so plants can grow well. 应该对表层土施肥，植物才能长得更好。

torch
torch［tɔ:tʃ］
n. 火把；火炬
例　The men used a torch to see where they were walking inside the cave. 人们燃起火把来看清楚他们在山洞里所走的路线。

tornado
tornado［tɔ:'neɪdəʊ］
n. 旋风，龙卷风〈同　cyclone, windstorm〉
例　Hurricanes often make tornadoes. 飓风通常会形成龙卷风。

torpor
torpor［'tɔ:pə(r)］
n. 迟钝，不活泼〈同　lethargy, inertia〉
例　In mid-winter, bears enter the deep torpor of true hibernation. 在隆冬时节，熊会进入真正的冬眠的深度蛰伏期。

torrent
torrent［'tɒrənt; (US)'tɔ:r-］
n. ①连发，迸发〈同　outburst〉
例　After trying to defraud the public, Lefty was faced with a torrent of charges. 莱弗提试图欺骗公众，后来他面临大量指控。
例　Heavy rain was coming down in a torrent. 暴雨倾盆而下。

tortuous
tortuous［'tɔ:tjʊəs］
adj. 曲折的，转弯抹角的〈同　sinuous, twisting〉
例　Because this road is so tortuous, it is unwise to go faster than twenty miles an hour on it. 这条路迂回曲折，在上面以超过每小时20英里的速度行驶是不明智的。

torture
torture　［ˈtɔːtʃə(r)］
n. 酷刑 vt. 拷打
例 About half of the prisoners died from torture or starvation. 约有一半的囚犯死于酷刑或饥饿。
记 tort（扭）+ ure→扭打，折磨→酷刑

toss
toss［tɒs; (US)tɔ:s］
n./v. 投，掷〈同 throw〉
例　The basketball players tossed the ball around in practice. 这些篮球运动员在不断练习投球。

touching
touching［'tʌtʃɪŋ］
adj. 动人的，令人感伤的〈同　moving, affecting〉
例　The touching movie made me cry. 那部感人的电影让我流泪。

tough
tough　［tʌf］
adj. ① 坚硬的；坚强的〈同 hard; strong〉
例 These plants are not tough enough to survive outside in the winter. 这些植物不够顽强，在冬季根本无法在室外存活。
例 This math problem is really tough！这道数学题真难！
例 You have to be tough to be successful in politics. 你得坚忍不拔，才能在政治上取得成功。

tournament
tournament［'tʊənəmənt］
n. 比赛，锦标赛〈同　contest, competition〉
例　The World Cup is a month-long soccer tournament with teams from a number of countries participating. 世界杯是为期一个月的足球比赛，有来自多个国家的队伍参加。

tow
tow［təʊ］
v. 拖引，牵引〈同 pull, drag〉
例　The car broke down and had to be towed to the garage. 这辆车发生了故障，只好被拖到修理厂去。

towering
towering［'taʊərɪŋ］
adj. 高耸的；杰出的〈同　lofty; outstanding〉
例　They had to look up to talk to the towering giant. 他们得抬起头来，才能跟那个高大的巨人说话。

toxic
toxic［'tɒksɪk］
adj. 有毒的，中毒的〈同　poisonous, noxious〉
例　The primary advantage of plants grown without insecticides is that they have no toxic residues to endanger humans or pets. 不使用杀虫剂种植的植物，其主要优势是不含对人类或宠物有害的有毒残留物。

trace
trace　［treɪs］
n. 痕迹〈同 trail〉
例 The cunning fox leaves no trace for the hunters. 狡猾的狐狸没有给猎人留下任何踪迹。
vt. 跟踪；追溯〈同 follow; connect〉
例 The trapper who traced the fox for five consecutive weeks finally captured it. 连续五个星期跟踪狐狸的捕猎者终于抓住了它。

track
track　［træk］
n. 轨迹，路；足迹〈同 path〉
例 John didn't wipe his shoes clean, so he left tracks on the rug. 约翰没有把鞋擦干净，所以他在地毯上留下了足迹。
v. 循路而行，追踪〈同 trace〉
例 The policeman tracked the robbers to their lair. 警察跟踪劫匪，找到了他们的老巢。

tract
tract［trækt］
n. 广阔的地面，大片（土地）〈同 area, region〉
例　The king granted William Penn a tract of land in the New World. 国王分封给威廉·佩恩将军位于新大陆的一大片土地。

trademark
trademark［'treɪdmɑ:k］
n. 商标〈同 brand〉
例　The company put its trademark on all its products. 这家公司给旗下所有产品加上了本公司的商标。

trademark
trademark［'treɪdmɑ:k］
n. 商标
解　a distinguishing characteristic of feature firmly associated with a person or thing
例　A registered trademark is legally protected and may be used only by the owner. 注册商标受法律保护，只有权利人才能使用。

tradition
tradition　［trəˈdɪʃən］
n. 传统，惯例〈同 convention〉
例 There's a tradition in our office that when it's somebody's birthday, we buy a cake to share. 我们办公室有一个传统，每当有人过生日时，我们都会买一个蛋糕，所有人一起分享。
联 traditional adj. 传统的，惯例的

traffic
traffic　［ˈtræfɪk］
n. 交通
例 Every morning, I try to avoid the rush-hour traffic. 每天早上，我都会尽量避开交通高峰时段。

tragedy
tragedy　［ˈtræʤədi］
n.（戏剧）悲剧；悲惨之事〈同 disaster〉
例 Hamlet and Othello are two Shakespearean tragedies. 《哈姆雷特》与《奥赛罗》是莎士比亚的两部悲剧。
联 tragic adj. 悲惨的，悲剧的

tragic
tragic［'træʤɪk］
adj. 悲惨的；悲剧的〈同 dreadful, deplorable〉
例　The tragic accident took the lives of five people. 这场不幸的事故夺走了五个人的生命。

trait
trait［treɪt］
n. 特征，特性〈同 quality, attribute〉
例　The color of one's eyes is a genetic trait. 一个人眼睛的颜色是遗传特征。

tramp
tramp［træmp］
v. 跋涉；踏，践踏〈同　trudge〉
例　He tramped down the mountain on the way home. 他徒步走下山回家。
n. 沉重的脚步（声）；长途步行〈同　excursion〉
例　She's out on a tramp through the forest. 她要进行一次穿越森林的徒步旅行。

trample
trample［'træmpəl］
v. 踩踏；蹂躏〈同　step on; tramp〉
例　The horses trampled the flowers. 马踩踏了那些花。

tranquil
tranquil［'træŋkwɪl］
adj. 宁静的，安静的〈同　serene, pacific〉
例　It is not easy to remain tranquil when events suddenly change your life. 如果有事情突然改变了你的生活，这时要保持平静是很难的。

transaction
transaction［træn'zækʃən］
n. 交易〈同 deal〉
例　Opening a savings accout is a simple transaction. 开通一个储蓄账户是一项简单的交易。

transcend
transcend［træn'send］
vt. 超出，超越〈同　surpass, exceed〉
例　The speed of airplanes transcends that of any previous form of transportation. 飞机的速度超过了之前的任何交通方式。

transfer
transfer　［trænsˈfɜː(r)］
v. 转移，转学〈同 shift, distract〉
例 Police are investigating how ￡20 million was illegally transferred out of the Trust's bank account. 警方正在调查2,000万英镑是如何被非法转出托拉斯的银行账户的。

transform
transform　［trænsˈfɔːm］
vt.（使）变形，改观〈同 change〉
例 Do you really think that you can transform your appearance by wearing your hair differently? 你真的认为，你换个发型就能改变自己的外貌？
记 trans（改变）+ form（形状）→（使）变形
联 transformation n. 转变；变形；transformer n.【电】变压器

transform
transform［træns'fɔ:m］
v. 使…变形，变化
解　to change in structure, appearance, or character
例　Do you really think that you can transform your appearance by wearing your hair differently? 你真的认为换个发型就能改变你的形象吗？
构　trans (=across) + form (=form)

transgress
transgress［træns'ɡres; trænz-］
v. 违反，违背；冒犯
解　to go beyond (a proper or legal limit)
例　The safety rules for the science lab are based on long experience, and if you transgress them, you may have to pay a heavy price. 科学实验室的安全条例是基于长期的经验而制定的，如果违反了条例，可能就要付出沉重的代价。
同　transgression n. 违规，违背
构　trans (=across) + gress (=to walk)

transient
transient［'trænzɪənt］
adj. 短暂的，瞬时的〈同 ephemeral, transitory〉
例　The transient breeze provided some relief from the summer heat, but we were soon perspiring again. 这一小阵微风给炎热的夏天带来一丝凉爽，但我们很快又流汗了。

transit
transit　［ˈtrænsɪt］
n. 运输；运输设备〈同 transportation〉
例 Britain imports over 100,000 birds each year, but 20,000 die in transit. 英国每年进口10多万只鸟，但其中有2万只死于运输途中。
联 transistor n.【电子】晶体管；transitional adj. 过渡的

transition
transition［træn'zɪʃən］
n. 转变，过渡〈同 passage, change〉
例　Spring is a transition from winter into summer. 春天是从冬天到夏天的过渡季节。

translucent
translucent［træns'lu:sənt］
adj. 半透明的；透明的
例　We could not recognize the people in the next room because of the translucent curtains which separated us. 我们认不出隔壁房间的人，因为半透明的窗帘把我们隔开了。

translucent
translucent［trænz'lu:snt］
adj. 半透明的
解　letting light through without being transparent
例　Silk screens are an example of translucent objects. 丝网是一种透明的物体。
同　translucence n. 半透明
构　trans (=through) + luc (=light) + ent

transmit
transmit　［trænzˈmɪt］
v. 传送，传播〈同 forward〉
例 The radio station plans to transmit its broadcasts from a satellite. 广播电台决定通过卫星传输其广播节目。
记 trans（横过）+ mit（送)→送过去→传送
联 transmitter n. 传送者；发送器；transmission n. 播送，传送；neurotransmitter n. 【生化】神经传递素

transmute
transmute［træns'mju:t］
v.（使）变化，（使）改变〈同　convert, transform〉
例　The worm was transmuted into a butterfly. 那只虫子蜕变成了一只蝴蝶。

transparent
transparent　［trænsˈpærənt］
adj. 透明的
例 Quartz may be transparent, translucent, or opaque, and it may be colorless or colored. 石英可能是透明的、半透明的或不透明的，可能是无色的，也可能有颜色。
记 trans（穿过）+ par（平等，一样）+ ent→穿过去看形状一样→透明的

transplant
transplant［træns'pla:nt］
v. 移植〈同 transfer, graft〉
例　The doctor transplanted a heart into the patient. 医生给病人移植了心脏。

transport
transport　［trænsˈpɔːt］
v. 运输〈同 carry〉
例 Flying is not always the fastest way to transport passengers to their destination. 飞行并不总是将乘客送达目的地的最快方式。
联 transportation n. 运输，运送

transpose
transpose［træn'spəʊz］
v. 交换位置
解　to reverse the order or position of
例　I transposed the number and mistakenly wrote 19 instead of 91. 我把数字的位置颠倒了，错把91写成了19。

trap
trap　［træp］
n. 圈套，陷阱〈同 snare〉
例 The hunter set traps to catch rabbits. 猎人设置陷阱来捕捉兔子。
v. 捕捉，困住；陷害〈同 catch〉
例 Scientists have devised methods to trap vapor in bottles so they can study its makeup. 科学家用各种方法将蒸汽收集到瓶子里，以便研究它的成分。
联 trapper n. 设阱捕兽者，猎人

trash
trash［træ∫］
n. 垃圾，废物〈同　garbage, rubbish〉
例　Her household chore was to empty the trash every day. 她的家务事就是每天倒垃圾。

traverse
traverse［træ'vɜ:s］
v. 横贯，横越〈同 cross, bridge〉
例　She was an experienced traveler who had traversed both Africa and Europe in her twenties. 她是一位经验丰富的旅行者，她曾在二十几岁时就穿越了非洲和欧洲。

treacherous
treacherous［'tretʃərəs］
adj. ①背叛的，背信弃义的，不忠的〈同　disloyal, traitorous〉
例　The king was betrayed by the treacherous soldier. 国王被那个不忠的士兵背叛了。
例　Be careful driving home because the road is quite treacherous when it is icy. 开车回家要小心，因为路面结冰之后很危险。

tread
tread［tred］
v. 踏，践踏；行走（on）〈同　trample; step on〉
例　The children were amused by the acrobat who treaded the tight rope. 孩子们被那名走钢索的杂技演员逗乐了。

treason
treason［'tri:zən］
n. 叛逆罪，叛国罪〈同　betrayal, perfidy〉
例　The traitor was charged with treason. 那名叛徒被控叛国罪。

treatment
treatment　［ˈtriːtmənt］
n. ① 待遇，对待〈同 handling〉
例 Peter gets special treatment because he knows the boss. 彼得得到了特殊待遇，因为他认识老板。
例 Heat treatment certainly helped my knee. 热疗法确实对我的膝盖很有帮助。

treaty
treaty　［ˈtriːti］
n. 条约，谈判〈同 agreement〉
例 The small country broke the treaty four days after signing it. 那个小国在签署条约四天后就违反了条约。

tremble
tremble　［ˈtrembəl］
n./v. 战栗，颤抖
例 Her bottom lip trembled and tears welled up in her eyes. 她的下嘴唇颤抖着，眼泪夺眶而出。

tremendous
tremendous　［trɪˈmendəs］
adj. 巨大的，惊人的〈同 huge, enormous〉
例 The tremendous earthquake in Tangshan made thousands of people homeless. 唐山大地震使成千上万人无家可归。
记 trem（颤抖）+end+ous→让人发抖的→惊人的
联 tremendously adv. 非常地；巨大地

trench
trench［trentʃ］
n. 沟，壕沟〈同 ditch, canal〉
例　The soldiers dug a trench to avoid gunfire. 战士们挖战壕来防御炮火攻击。

trend
trend　［trend］
n. 倾向，趋势〈同 tendency〉
例 Although some people work until they are sixty-five, the trend is to retire after thirty years of service. 虽然有些人一直工作到65岁，但大趋势是工作30年后便退休。

trespass
trespass［'trespəs］
v. 侵犯，闯入私人领地〈同　encroach, invade〉
例　She seems to be an easygoing person, but anyone who attempts to trespass her rights will soon find that she knows how to take care of herself. 她看起来是一个很随和的人，但如果有人试图侵犯她的权利，那个人很快就会发现，她很清楚如何维护自己的权利。

trespass
trespass［'trespəs］
v. ① 侵犯，闯入私人领地 ② 侵占另一个人的时间、隐私或注意力
解　① to go on to privately owned land without right or permission ② to take too much of someone's time, privacy, attention, etc.
例　The boys trespassed into the private property out of curiosity, and were chased away by two big dogs. 男孩们出于好奇闯入了这个私人住宅，然后被两只大狗追赶了出来。

trial
trial　［treɪl］
n. ① 实验〈同 experiment〉
例 Over a very large number of trials, the probability of an event occurring is equal to the probability that it will not occur. 经过大量测试，一个事件发生的概率与其不发生的概率是相等的。
例 The scandal put the President on trial. 丑闻使总统面临审讯。

tribe
tribe［traɪb］
n. 部落，部族
例　Everyone in the tribe participates in a weekly ritual. 部落里的每个人都参加每周一次的仪式。

tributary
tributary［'trɪbjʊtəri; (US)-teri］
adj. 辅助的，支流的
例　Some of the first settlers of America refused to be considered part of a tributary colony of England and fought for their freedom. 美洲第一批移民中，有些人拒绝被视为英国的附属殖民地的一部分，并为了自由而进行了抗争。
n. 支流〈同　branch〉
例　The Ohio River is a tributary of the Mississippi River. 俄亥俄河是密西西比河的支流。

tribute
tribute［'trɪbju:t］
n. ① 贡品；贡税〈同 tax, levy〉
例　The defeated country was forced to pay a tribute to the victor. 战败国被迫向战胜国交纳贡品。
例　The actress gave tribute to her director when she accepted her Oscar. 在接受奥斯卡金像奖的时候，这位女演员向导演表达了感激之情。

trick
trick　［trɪk］
n. 诡计；恶作剧
例 Somebody played a trick on me by hiding my shoes. 有人把我的鞋子藏了起来捉弄我。

trickle
trickle［'trɪkəl］
vi. 滴；流出〈同　dribble, drip〉
例　Blood trickled down her face. 血顺着她的脸往下滴。

trifle
trifle［'traɪfəl］
n. 琐事；少量〈同 little〉
例　The cheap picture cost only a trifle. 只花了一点钱就买了这幅便宜的画。

trigger
trigger［'trɪgə(r)］
vt. 引发，引起，触发〈同 set off, initiate〉
例　The attack triggered a full-scale war. 这次攻击引发了全面的战争。

trilogy
trilogy［'trɪləʤi］
n. 三部剧，三部曲〈同　three-part novel〉
例　The Star Wars trilogy has become a classic story. 《星球大战》三部曲已经成为经典故事。

trim
trim　［trɪm］
vt. 修剪，整饰〈同 clip〉
例 The barber trimmed my hair. 理发师给我理发。

triple
triple［'trɪpəl］
n./adj. 三倍数（的）
例　Nine is the triple of three. 9是3的三倍。

triumph
triumph　［ˈtraɪəmf］
n. 胜利〈同 victory〉
例 His career was characterized by one triumph after another. 他做事的特点就是接二连三的胜利。
vi. 获得胜利，成功〈同 win〉
例 The lucky patient triumphed over cancer. 那名幸运的患者战胜了癌症。
联 triumphant adj. 胜利的

trivial
trivial［'trɪvɪəl］
adj. 微不足道的，琐碎的〈同 insignificant, trifling〉
例　The new textbook is quite good, though it does contain a few trivial errors. 尽管里面有点小错误，这本新教科书还是不错的。

tropical
tropical　［ˈtrɒpɪkəl］
adj. 热带的
例 Most bananas are grown on tropical plantations. 大部分香蕉都被种在热带种植园里。

troublesome
troublesome　［ˈtrʌbəlsəm］
adj. 讨厌的，麻烦的〈同 annoying〉
例 Her hip has been troublesome for quite a while, and she'll probably need surgery on it. 她的臀部让她烦恼了很久，她可能需要给它做个手术。
联 troubling adj. 令人不安的，令人忧虑的

troupe
troupe［tru:p］
n. 剧团；群，队
例　The troupe of actors will present six different plays during the season. 在演出季，这群演员将带来六部不同的剧目。

trustworthy
trustworthy［'trʌstwɜ:ði］
adj. 可信赖的〈同　dependable, reliable〉
例　The boss could always tell his secrets to his trustworthy assistant. 老板经常把他的秘密告诉自己信任的助理。

tuck
tuck［tʌk］
vt. 把…塞进（一个狭小容器或空洞等）
例　All the boys in this class are required to tuck their shirts into their pants. 这个班里的所有男孩被要求把衬衫下摆塞到裤子里。

tug
tug［tʌg］
v. 用力拖，吃力地搬运〈同 pull〉
例　They tugged on the rope to pull the truck out of the mud. 他们用力拽着绳子，想把卡车从泥里拉出来。

tuition
tuition［tju:'ɪʃən; (US)'tu:'ɪʃn］
n. 学费
例　He had to pay the school tuition before he could attend class. 他必须交了学费，然后才能上课。

tumble
tumble［'tʌmbəl］
vi. 跌倒〈同 topple, fall〉
例　He tumbled off his horse. 他从马上摔了下来。

turbulent
turbulent［'tɜ:bjʊlənt］
adj. 吵闹的；狂暴的，（空气等）流动得剧烈而不稳定的〈同 disorderly, violent〉
例　Since the 1930s, aircraft manufacturers have tried to build airplanes with frictionless wings so that the air passing over them would not become turbulent. 从20世纪30年代起，飞机制造者就开始尝试建造一种有平滑机翼的飞机，这样飞机在穿过气流时就不会产生强烈的震荡。

turnover
turnover［'tɜ:nəʊvə(r)］
n. 营业额；人员更替率
例　This department has the highest turnover rate in the company. 这个部门是公司人员流动率最高的部门。

turnpike
turnpike［'tɜ:npaɪk］
n. 公路，收费高速公路〈同　toll highway〉
例　You should be sure you have money to pay for the tolls if you take the turnpike. 如果你选择走收费高速公路，你得确保自己有足够的钱支付通行费。

tutor
tutor［'tju:tə(r); (US)'tu:tər］
vt. 辅导；当…的家庭教师〈同 guide, direct〉
例　Ted wants someone to tutor him before the exam. 泰德希望有人能在考前辅导他。
n. 家庭教师〈同 coach〉
例　The tutor would explain his mistakes to him. 家庭教师会对他犯错的地方进行讲解。

twig
twig［twɪg］
n. 细枝，嫩枝
例　Some insects will mimic a twig when in danger. 有些昆虫在面临危险时会伪装成树枝的样子。

twine
twine［twaɪn］
v. 搓；编织；（使）缠绕〈同　twist, intertwine〉
例　The python is a snake that twines around its prey before swallowing it. 巨蟒是一种蛇，它会先缠绕猎物，然后再将其吞下。

twinkle
twinkle［'twɪŋkəl］
v. 闪烁；（使）闪光〈同 glitter〉
例　You could stay up all night trying to count all the stars that twinkle in the sky. 你可以整夜不睡，试着数清天上所有闪烁的星星。

twist
twist　［twɪst］
v. 扭弯，扭曲，缠绕〈同 bend〉
例 The visitor twisted his neck to look at the photograph on the wall behind him. 参观者扭过头看他身后墙上的照片。

tycoon
tycoon［taɪ'ku:n］
n. 大企业家，大亨〈同　magnate, entrepreneur〉
例　John D. Rockefeller was a prominent tycoon. 约翰·D. 洛克菲勒是一位杰出的企业界大亨。

typical
typical　［ˈtɪpɪkəl］
adj. 典型的；有代表性的〈同 classic; representative〉
例 This sort of hot and spicy food is very typical of the food in the south of the country. 这种辛辣食品是这个国家南方的典型食品。
记 typ（看作type，类型）+ical→经典的类型→典型的
联 atypical adj. 非典型的；typically adv. 有特色地

tyrannical
tyrannical［tɪ'rænɪkəl］
adj. 暴虐的，残暴的〈同　dictatorial, domineering, authoritarian〉
例　The tyrannical king was merciless and let no one stand in his way. 那个残暴的国王非常冷酷无情，绝不允许任何人阻挡他的道路。

ugly
ugly　［ˈʌɡli］
adj. 丑陋的，难看的
例 She's got one of those really ugly dogs with a squashed face. 她有一只那种非常丑陋的狗，狗脸看上去像是被压扁了。

ultimate
ultimate　［ˈʌltɪmət］
adj. 最后的，最终的〈同 final〉
例 The ultimate results were not really foreseeable, but we prepared for them as best we could. 最终结果是不可预测的，但我们已经尽可能为此做好了准备。
记 ultim（最远，落后）+ate→最后的
联 ultimately adv. 最后，最终；ultimatum n. 最后通牒

ultimatum
ultimatum［ˌʌltɪ'meɪtəm］
n. 最后通牒〈同　last offer〉
例　Since they have ignored our ultimatum, our only recourse is to declare war. 既然他们对我们的最后通牒视而不见，我们唯一的手段就是宣战。

ultrasonic
ultrasonic［ˌʌltrə'sɒnɪk］
adj. 超音速的，超声（波）的〈同　supersonic〉
例　Bats use ultrasonic waves to locate flying insects at night. 蝙蝠利用超声波在夜间定位飞行的昆虫。

ultraviolet
ultraviolet［ˌʌltrə'vaɪələt］
adj. 紫外线的
例　We cannot see ultraviolet light in our atmosphere. 我们看不到空气中的紫外线。

unanimity
unanimity［ˌju:nə'nɪməti］
n. 全体一致，一致同意〈同　concord, consensus, harmony〉
例　We were surprised by the unanimity with which our proposals were accepted by the different groups. 我们的提案竟然被不同群体一致同意接受，这令我们很是吃惊。

unanimous
unanimous［ˌju:'nænɪməs］
adj. 全体意见一致的〈同 uniform, agreed〉
例　Janet was elected chairwoman by a unanimous decision of the board. 经董事会一致同意，珍妮特当选为主席。

unanimous
unanimous［ju:'nænɪməs］
adj. 全体意见一致的
解　in complete agreement
例　The board came to the unanimous decision to elect Olin as president. 董事会一致决定推选奥林为主席。
同　unanimity n. 全体一致，一致同意

unbiased
unbiased［ʌn'baɪəst］
adj. 没有偏见的〈同　impartial, fair〉
例　The unbiased mediator helped solve the contract dispute. 那名公正的调停者帮助解决了合同纠纷。

unbridgeable
unbridgeable［ʌn'brɪʤbəl］
adj. 不能架桥的；不可逾越的〈同　impassable, insurmountable〉
例　The differences between the wife and husband were unbridgeable, so they decided to file for divorce. 这对夫妻之间有无法逾越的分歧，所以他们决定申请离婚。

unbridled
unbridled［ʌn'braɪdəld］
adj. 放纵的，无约束的〈同　uncontrolled, wild〉
例　His unbridled anger eventually drove his wife away. 他无法抑制的愤怒最终逼走了他的妻子。

unbroken
unbroken［ʌn'brəʊkən］
adj. 完整的；持续的〈同　uninterrupted, intact〉
例　The longest unbroken border in the world is that between Canada and the United States. 世界上最长的连续边界线在加拿大与美国之间。

unconscious
unconscious　［ʌnˈkɒnʃəs］
adj. 不省人事的；无意识的〈同 senseless〉
例 The doctor tried to revive the unconscious crash victim. 医生努力让那名失去意识的车祸受害者苏醒过来。
记 un（不）+conscious（清醒的）→不省人事的
联 unconsciously adv. 无意中，不知不觉

uncover
uncover［ˌʌn'kʌvə(r)］
v. 发现，揭示〈同 reveal, expose〉
例　The newspaper article uncovered the truth behind the scandal. 报纸上的这篇文章揭示了丑闻背后的真相。

underdeveloped
underdeveloped［ˌʌndədɪ'veləpt］
adj. 不发达的〈同　backward, undeveloped〉
例　Our country has spent billions of dollars to help the underdeveloped areas improve their standard of living. 我们国家投入数十亿美元，帮助欠发达地区提高生活标准。

underestimate
underestimate［ˌʌndər'estɪmeɪt］
vt. 低估〈同 undervalue〉
例　The value of our house was underestimated by at least two thousand dollars. 我们房子的价值被低估了至少两千美元。

undergo
undergo　［ˌʌndəˈɡəʊ］
v. 经历，遭受〈同 experience〉
例 Mary told me of the ordeal she underwent during the robbery. 玛丽跟我讲了她在抢劫发生期间所经受的折磨。
记 under（底下）+go（走)→从底下走→遭受

undergraduate
undergraduate［ˌʌndə'grædjʊɪt］
n.（尚未取得学位的）大学生
例　Most undergraduates take four years to earn a degree. 大多数本科生都要花四年时间才能取得学位。

underline
underline　［ˌʌndəˈlaɪn］
vt. ① 在…下面划线
例 Students prefer to underline important points, and it seemed to be just as useful as note-taking. 学生们喜欢划出要点，这似乎与记笔记一样有用。
例 To underline their disgust, the crowd started throwing bottles at the stage. 为了强调他们的厌恶，人们开始向舞台扔瓶子。

underlying
underlying［ˌʌndə'laɪɪŋ］
adj. 基础的；在下面的〈同 fundamental, elementary〉
例　Lack of money was the underlying reason that I didn't go on vacation. 我没去度假的根本原因是没钱。

undermine
undermine［ˌʌndə'maɪn］
vt. 渐渐破坏，暗地里破坏〈同 weaken, impair〉
例　The recent corruption scandals have undermined many people's faith in the city government. 最近的腐败丑闻使很多人对市政府失去了信心。

underscore
underscore［ˌʌndə'skɔ:(r)］
vt. 画线于…下；强调〈同　emphasize, stress〉
例　When we take notes, our teacher wants us to underscore items that are especially important. 我们在记笔记的时候，老师希望我们在特别重要的条目下画线。

undertake
undertake　［ˌʌndəˈteɪk］
v. 从事，承担〈同 take on, embark on〉
例 The overall task looks forbidding, but the stakes are too high not to undertake it. 从表面上看，整个任务让人望而生畏，但不接受这个任务的风险太大了。
联 undertaking n. 事业，企业

undertaking
undertaking［ˌʌndə'teɪkɪŋ］
n. 任务；事业〈同　project; enterprise〉
例　A dinner party for thirty people is a large undertaking. 30人的晚宴可是一项大工程。

underwater
underwater［ˌʌndə'wɔ:tə(r)］
adj. 在水下的，在水中的〈同　submarine, submerged〉
例　Atlantis became an underwater city after it was completely flooded. 亚特兰蒂斯被彻底淹没后，成为一个水下城市。

undo
undo［ʌn'du:］
v. ①解开，松开〈同　free, loosen〉
例　He undid his shoelaces and took his shoes off before walking inside. 他解开鞋带，脱下鞋，然后走了进去。
例　lt will take months to undo the damage caused by the disgruntled employee. 要挽回心怀不满的员工造成的损失，需要几个月的时间。

undoubtedly
undoubtedly　［ˌʌnˈdaʊtɪdli］
adv. 毋庸置疑地，确凿地〈同 unquestionably〉
例 The soybean is undoubtedly the king of beans, and is rapidly becoming the most widely utilized bean in the world. 毫无疑问，大豆是豆中之王，并且迅速成为全球使用最广泛的豆类。

unearth
unearth［ʌn'ɜ:θ］
vt. 发掘，挖出；揭露；发现〈同　dig up; discover〉
例　The digging of the scientists unearthed a buried city. 科学家们的挖掘发现了一座被埋葬的城市。

uneasy
uneasy　［ʌnˈiːzi］
adj. 不安的，忧虑的；不舒服的〈同 worried; upset〉
例 We ate an uneasy supper, saying little, just listening. 我们的晚饭吃得很不舒服，很少说话，只是在听而已。
记 un（不）+easy（舒适的，安心的）→不舒服的
联 unease n. 焦虑，不安

unemployment
unemployment［ˌʌnɪm'plɔɪmənt］
n. 失业；失业人数
例　Unemployment has increased this year because of the poor national economy. 由于国内经济形势不景气，今年的失业人数有所增加。

unfair
unfair［ˌʌn'feə(r)］
adj. 不公平的〈同　unjust, biased〉
例　The defendant argued with the judge that the decision was unfair. 被告与法官辩论，称判决不公平。

unfold
unfold［ʌn'fəʊld］
v. 展开；显露，展示
例　The questions people asked Mark and Sara at the dinner party unfolded the plans for their secret wedding. 在晚宴上，人们对马克和萨拉的提问使他们的秘密婚礼计划公开了。

uniform
uniform　［ˈjuːnɪfɔːm］
n. 制服
例 His uniform was covered with medals of valor and rank. 他的制服上挂满了代表勇气和军衔的勋章。
adj. 统一的；始终如一的〈同 unified; consistent〉
例 Traffic laws are similar from one state to the next, but they aren't uniform; each state has its own variations. 各州的交通法基本类似，但并不统一；每个州都有各自的变化。
联 uniformity n. 同样，一致；uniformly adv. 一律地，均一地

unify
unify［'ju:nɪfaɪ］
vt. 统一，使成一体〈同 integrate, unite〉
例　The American Civil War unified the north and south. 美国内战统一了南方和北方。

unique
unique　［jʊˈniːk］
adj. 独一无二的；独特的〈同 peerless; particular〉
例 The letter was written in Anne's unique style. 这封信是按安妮独特的风格写的。
联 uniqueness n. 独特，独一无二

universal
universal　［ˌjuːnɪˈvɜːsəl］
adj. 普遍的；共同的〈同 comprehensive; all-inclusive〉
例 The desire to be loved is universal. 对被爱的渴望是普遍存在的。
联 universe n. 宇宙；universally adv. 普遍地，到处

unmatched
unmatched［ˌʌn'mætʃt］
adj. 无可匹敌的〈同　unequaled, unparalleled, peerless〉
例　The company's record sales this month were unmatched by any of its competitors. 该公司本月的唱片销量是其任何一个竞争对手都无法匹敌的。

unpack
unpack［ˌʌn'pæk］
v. 打开包裹（或行李等）〈同　unwrap, unfold〉
例　She unpacked her clothes from her suitcase when she arrived at the hotel room. 她到了酒店房间后，便从行李箱里取出自己的衣服。

unprecedented
unprecedented［ʌn'presɪdentɪd］
adj. 前所未有的，空前的〈同　unexampled, unparalleled〉
例　George's consumption of 10,677 hot dogs was unprecedented; no one had ever eaten so many before. 乔治吃掉了10,677个热狗，真是史无前例；之前从没有人能吃这么多。

unravel
unravel［ʌn'rævəl］
v. ①弄清楚（秘密）〈同　discover, solve〉
例　The detective unraveled the mystery. 侦探解开了谜团。
例　Anne unraveled the old sweater because she needed the yarn. 安妮拆了那件旧毛衣，因为她需要纱线。

unrestrained
unrestrained［ˌʌnrɪ'streɪnd］
adj. 无限制的〈同　free, unbridled〉
例　The unrestrained pollution has prompted the government to spend billions of dollars for environmental protection. 无限制的污染促使政府投入数十亿美元用于环境保护。

unscrupulous
unscrupulous［ʌn'skru:pjʊləs］
adj. 肆无忌惮的；无道德原则的〈同　unprincipled, immoral〉
例　The unscrupulous student cheated on the test. 那名肆无忌惮的学生竟然在考试中作弊。

unsophisticated
unsophisticated［ˌʌnsə'fɪstɪkeɪtɪd］
adj. 不懂世故的，单纯的〈同　naive, innocent〉
例　A child's view of the world is usually unsophisticated. 孩子的世界观通常非常单纯。

untie
untie［ʌn'taɪ］
v. 解开；松开
例　She untied her shoes before taking them off. 她解开鞋带，脱掉了鞋。

unwieldy
unwieldy［ʌn'wi:ldi］
adj. 笨拙的；（因太大、太重、形状奇特等而）不易被移动的，笨重的〈同　awkward; heavy〉
例　The unwieldy package was expensive to mail overseas. 向海外邮寄这个笨重的包裹，价格非常昂贵。

update
update［ʌp'deɪt］
vt. 修正，校正；更新
例　His boss told him he wanted to be updated on any progress on a daily basis. 老板告诉他，他要知道每天的最新进展。

up-front
up-front［ʌp'frʌnt］
adj. ① 提前的 （指支付工资）② 坦率的
解　① paid or due in advance ② straightforward; frank
例　He would do the work only if he was paid up-front. 只有预先支付了薪水，他才愿意做这份工作。

upgrade
upgrade［ˌʌp'greɪd］
vt. 使升级，提升〈同 improve, advance〉
例　The manufacturer has done everything possible to upgrade his product, with the result that it is now of excellent quality. 制造商想尽一切办法升级产品，如今产品质量已非常上乘。

upheaval
upheaval［ʌp'hi:vəl］
n. 剧变，动乱〈同　disturbance, explosion〉
例　The recent layoffs have caused a great upheaval within the corporation. 最近的裁员在公司内造成了动荡。

uphold
uphold［ʌp'həʊld］
vt. 维护，支持（决定等）〈同 support, maintain〉
例　The Supreme Court upheld the lower court's ruling. 最高法院维持了下级法院的判决。

upright
upright［'ʌpraɪt］
adj. ①垂直的；直立的〈同　vertical; erect〉
例　He was sitting upright in his hospital bed, propped up by pillows. 他用枕头支撑着身体，直直地坐在医院的病床上。
例　The upright politician refused to accept the bribe. 那名正直的政治家拒绝接受贿赂。

uproar
uproar［'ʌprɔ:(r)］
n. 喧嚣，骚动〈同　commotion, turmoil〉
例　The car crash caused an uproar throughout the neighborhood. 车祸在整个社区造成了骚动。

uproot
uproot［ˌʌp'ru:t］
v. ①连根拔起，拔除〈同　pull up, displace〉
例　It is easier to destroy weeds with a chemical than to uproot them by hand. 用化学药品除去杂草，比用手拔草要容易得多。
例　After a year of unsuccessful business, the manager uprooted the company and moved the offices to another city. 经过一年不成功的经营，公司负责人对公司进行了彻底重建，并将办公室搬到了另外一个城市。

upset
upset　［ʌpˈset］
v. 颠覆，推翻；扰乱〈同 overturn; disturb〉
例 Any mechanical problems would upset our plans of driving across the desert. 任何机械问题都会扰乱我们驾车穿越沙漠的计划。
adj. 心烦意乱的〈同 worried〉
例 Mary was upset because we were going to be late. 玛丽很心烦，因为我们要迟到了。

upside-down
upside-down［ˌʌpsaɪd'daʊn］
adj. 颠倒的〈同　inverted〉
例　Bats like to sleep upside-down. 蝙蝠喜欢倒挂着睡觉。

urban
urban　［ˈɜːbən］
adj. 城市的〈同 metropolitan〉
例 Urban problems often stretch beyond city limits into suburbs. 都市问题通常会从市区扩展到郊区。
联 urbanism n. 都市生活，都市化；urbanite n. 都市人；suburbanite n. 郊区居民

urge
urge　［ɜːʤ］
v. 催促；力劝，恳求〈同 entreat〉
例 The teacher urged us to work harder to achieve high scores. 老师督促我们更加努力地学习，以取得好成绩。

urgent
urgent　［ˈɜːʤənt］
adj. 紧急的，迫切的〈同 pressing〉
例 Janet's boss gave her some urgent work that needed to be finished in one hour. 珍妮特的老板给她分配了一些紧急任务，必须在一个小时内完成。
记 来自urge（v. 驱策，催促）+ent→催促着做的→紧急的
联 urgently adv. 迫切地，急切地；urgency n. 紧急情况

utilitarian
utilitarian［ˌjʊtɪlɪ'teərɪən］
adj. 功利的；实利的〈同　practical, useful〉
例　She was not a utilitarian shopper and always wasted money on things that were unnecessary or worthless. 她并不是实用主义的购物者，经常把钱浪费在不需要或没有价值的东西上。

utility
utility　［juːˈtɪləti］
n. ① 运用；效用〈同 function, usefulness〉
例 The utility of the rescue equipment still has to be assessed in a real emergency. 这种救生设备的功用还有待在真正的紧急情况中评定。
例 The cost of utilities in this building is included in my monthly rent. 这栋大楼的公用事业费用包含在我每月的租金当中。
联 utilitarian adj. 功利的，实利的；utilitarianism n. 功利主义

utilize
utilize　［ˈjuːtəlaɪz］
v. 利用〈同 harness, take advantage of〉
例 Efficient workers utilize time wisely. 有效率的员工会非常明智地利用时间。
记 util（用）+ize→利用
联 utilization n. 利用

utmost
utmost［'ʌtməʊst］
adj. 极度的；最大程度的；最远的〈同　extreme, greatest〉
例　Jack's employer gave his utmost recommendation for Jack's application. 杰克的雇主对他的申请进行了极力推荐。

utter
utter　［ˈʌtə(r)］
v. 说出；发表〈同 speak; express〉
例 Not a word was uttered during the thrilling movie. 在看这部惊悚电影的时候，没有人说话。
adj. 全然的，完全的〈同 complete〉
例 There was utter silence in the classroom. 教室里异常安静。
联 utterance n. 说话；说话的方式；utterly adv. 完全地，绝对地

vacant
vacant　［ˈveɪkənt］
adj. 空的，未被占用的〈同 empty〉
例 The neighborhood boys like to play baseball on that vacant lot. 附近的男孩子们喜欢在那片空地上打棒球。
联 vacancy n. 空白，空缺

vacation
vacation　［veɪˈkeɪʃən］
n. 度假，休假
例 The director is not here. He's gone on vacation. 主任不在这里。他去度假了。
联 vacate vt. 腾出，空出

vague
vague　［veɪɡ］
adj. 模糊的；含糊的〈同 imprecise, obscure〉
例 The confusing movie had a rather vague ending. 这部令人迷惑的电影有一个非常含糊的结尾。
联 vagueness n. 暧昧，含糊

vain
vain　［veɪn］
adj. ① 徒然的〈同 useless〉
例 He made a vain attempt to reach the drowning woman. 他尝试接近那名溺水的女士，结果徒劳无功。
例 The vain man spent a lot of money on the latest fashions. 那个虚荣的人花了许多钱来购买最新款的时装。

valediction
valediction［ˌvælɪ'dɪkʃən］
n. 告别演说，告别词
解　a speech or statement made as a farewell
例　The president gave a valediction at the party in honor of his last days in office. 在纪念其任期即将结束的宴会上，总统发表了告别演说。

valid
valid　［ˈvælɪd］
adj. 有效的；有根据的，正确的〈同 sound〉
例 This coupon is valid until the end of the month. 这张优惠券的有效期至月底。
记 val（强大；值得）+id→值得做的→有效的
联 validity n. 有效性，合法性；validate vt. 使生效，确认，证实；invalid adj. 无效的

valuable
valuable　［ˈvæljʊəbəl］
adj. 贵重的；颇有价值的〈同 expensive〉
例 Anne wore a valuable diamond ring to the party. 安妮戴着一枚贵重的钻石戒指去参加聚会。
联 valuables n. 贵重物品

vanish
vanish　［ˈvænɪʃ］
vi. 消失；灭绝〈同 disappear; die out〉
例 Dinosaurs vanished from the earth at the end of the Mesozoic Era. 中生代末期，恐龙从地球上消失了。

vanity
vanity［'vænɪti］
n. 虚荣，自负〈同　conceit, arrogance〉
例　The vanity of the rich friends was evident in their conversation about who had the most money. 这些富有的朋友们在谈论谁最有钱时，他们的虚荣心表现得一览无余。

vapor
vapor［'veɪpə(r)］
n. 水汽，水蒸气〈同 steam〉
例　In old horror movies, the monsters frequently appear amidst clouds of vapor. 在以前的恐怖片中，怪物总是在水汽氤氲中出现。

variable
variable　［ˈvɛərɪəbəl］
n.【数】变数，变量〈同 factor〉
例 The variables of the laboratories doing the testing mean that the results cannot be relied on. 实验室做实验时的变量表明，实验结果并不可靠。
adj. 可变的，易变的〈同 changeable〉
例 He soon learned that the moods of a young girl—happy one moment, miserable the next—can be as variable as the winds. 他很快就知道了，少女的情绪就像风一样易变，时而高兴，时而悲伤。
记 vari（变化）+able→变化多的→可变的
联 variability n. 可变性；invariable adj. 不变的

variation
variation　［ˌvɛərɪˈeɪʃən］
n. 变异；变种〈同 change, deviation〉
例 Nectarines are a variation of peaches. 油桃是桃子的变种。

various
various　［ˈvɛərɪəs］
adj. 各种的〈同 diverse〉
例 The company, which has been exploring various means of expansion, has decided to open 10 more restaurants. 这家一直在研究各种扩张方式的公司，已经决定再开10家餐厅。
联 variety n. 变化，多样性

varnish
varnish［'vɑ:nɪ∫］
vt. 涂上清漆，粉饰〈同　lacquer, glaze〉
例　The wooden porch was varnished to protect it from bad weather. 木制门廊被涂了漆，以保护其免受恶劣天气的侵蚀。
n. 清漆
例　The carpenter used a whole bottle of varnish for the wooden boat he built. 木匠在他建造的木船上涂了一整瓶清漆。

vary
vary　［ˈvɛəri］
v. 呈现不同；改变，变化〈同 differ〉
例 Bill varied his writing style because he thought it was boring. 比尔改变了写作风格，因为他认为之前的风格太无聊了。
联 variation n. 变化；variance n. 差异，不一致

vast
vast　［vɑːst; (US)væst］
adj. 巨大的，大量的；范围广的〈同 large; extensive〉
例 The movie star got a vast amount of fan mail every week. 那个电影明星每周都会收到大量的粉丝来信。
联 vastness n. 巨大

vegetarian
vegetarian［ˌveʤɪ'tərɪən］
n. 素食者
例　Consuming enough protein is especially important for vegetarians. 摄入足量的蛋白质对素食者来说尤为重要。

vegetation
vegetation［ˌveʤɪ'teɪʃən］
n. 植物，草木，植被〈同 plants〉
例　The rainforest has a great diversity of vegetation. 雨林里有各种各样的植物。

vehicle
vehicle　［ˈviːɪkəl; (US)ˈviːhɪkəl］
n. ① 交通工具，车辆〈同 automobile〉
例 Twenty vehicles were involved in the crash on the highway. 公路上的这场车祸涉及20辆汽车。
例 Language is a vehicle of great thoughts. 语言是伟大思想的媒介。

veil
veil［veɪl］
vt. 隐藏，遮蔽〈同 cover, hide〉
例　Veiled in shadow, he managed to slip unnoticed through the gateway. 他躲在阴影里，趁人不备设法穿过通道溜走了。

vein
vein［veɪn］
n. 静脉；血管
例　The nurse found a prominent vein in my arm for injection. 护士在我胳膊上找到了可以进行注射的清晰的血管。

velocity
velocity　［vəˈlɒsəti］
n. 速度；速率〈同 speed〉
例 At the current velocity, the plane will land in London in one hour. 按照当前的速度，飞机将在一小时后抵达伦敦。
联 velocimeter n. 速度计

venom
venom［'venəm］
n. ①（蛇的）毒液〈同　poison〉
例　He tied a rope around the snake bite so the venom wouldn't reach his heart. 他在被蛇咬的伤口周围绑上了一根绳子，这样毒液就不会进入他的心脏了。
例　They spoke of their enemies with venom. 他们用恶毒的话谈论敌人。

vent
vent［vent］
n. 通风孔；出烟孔〈同 outlet〉
例　The vent released poisonous gas out of the laboratory. 通风口可以把实验室里的有毒气体释放出去。

ventilate
ventilate［'ventɪleɪt］
vt. 使通风〈同 aerate〉
例　He ventilated the bedroom as he painted its walls. 他刷墙的时候保持卧室通风。

venture
venture　［ˈventʃə(r)］
n. 冒险（事业），投机活动〈同 adventure〉
例 Alice's venture into the stock market wasn't very successful. 艾丽斯冒险投资股市的结果并不怎么成功。
记 vent（发泄）+ure→发泄精力的事→冒险（事业)
联 venturesome adj. 好冒险的；（行为）冒险的；venturous adj. 好冒险的，大胆的

verbal
verbal［'vɜ:bəl］
adj. 口头的〈同 spoken〉
例　It is best to live in the US to improve your verbal English. 要想提高英语口语水平，最好的办法是去美国生活。

verdict
verdict［'vɜ:dɪkt］
n. 判决，结论〈同 conclusion〉
例　The jury took five days to reach a verdict. 陪审团花了五天时间作出判决。

verdict
verdict［'vɜ:dɪkt］
n. 判决，决定
解　the decision of a trial jury
例　The jury gave the judge their verdict on the defendant. 陪审团告诉法官他们对被告的判决结果。

verge
verge［vɜ:ʤ］
vi. 濒临
例　He had taken over an old company verging on liquidation. 他接管了一家行将破产的老公司。

verify
verify　［ˈverɪfaɪ］
vt. 证明，证实〈同 confirm〉
例 Your signature here will verify that you understand the terms of the agreement. 你在这里的签名将证明，你理解了本协议的条款。
记 ver（真实）+ify→证明是真实的→证实
联 verifiable adj. 能证实的

versatile
versatile［'vɜ:sətaɪl; (US)'vɜ:sətl］
adj. 多才多艺的〈同 talented, skilled〉
例　Leonardo da Vinci was a versatile genius who excelled in many different fields of art and science. 列奥拉多·达芬奇是一个多才多艺的天才，精通艺术和科学等多个领域。

verse
verse［vɜ:s］
n. 诗，韵文〈同 poetry〉
例　The poet wrote verses every night before going to sleep. 这位诗人每天睡觉前都要写诗。

version
version　［ˈvɜːʃən; (US)ˈvərʒən］
n. ① 译本，译文〈同 edition〉
例 The class read the English versions of famous Russian poems. 全班阅读了俄罗斯著名诗歌的英译本。
例 Bob gave his version of the accident in a statement to the police. 鲍勃在向警方提供的口供中，给出了他对事故的描述。

versus
versus［'vɜ:səs］
prep. 对，对抗（指诉讼、比赛等中），与…相对
例　The headline for the final game read“Brazil versus Germany”. 决赛的标题是“巴西对阵德国”。

vertebrate
vertebrate［'vɜ:tɪbreɪt; -brət］
n./adj. 脊椎动物（的）
例　Vertebrates are animals that have a spinal column. 脊椎动物是长有脊柱的动物。

vertical
vertical　［ˈvɜːtɪkəl］
adj. 垂直的，竖直的〈同 upright〉
例 The carpenter made sure the wall was vertical. 木匠确保墙是垂直的。
记 来自vertex（n. 顶点)→从顶点向下→垂直的

vessel
vessel　［ˈvesəl］
n. ① 船〈同 craft〉
例 The captain ordered the crew to board the vessel. 船长命令船员们登船。
例 A heart attack is caused by a blockage in the blood vessels that supply the blood to the heart muscle. 心脏病是由向心肌供血的血管堵塞引起的。
例 Soup was served from a large, silver vessel. 汤被盛在一个巨大的银色器皿里端了上来。

vest
vest［vest］
n. 背心
例　He wore the vest as part of his three-piece suit. 他穿着背心，作为他的三件套中的一件。

vestige
vestige［'vestɪʤ］
n. 痕迹，遗迹，残余〈同　remnant, remains〉
例　We discovered vestiges of early Indian life in the cave. 我们在山洞里发现了早期印第安人生活的痕迹。

veteran
veteran　［ˈvetərən］
n. 老兵；老手
例 He's a 20-year veteran of the New York Police Department. 他是在纽约警察局工作了20年的老手。

veto
veto［'vi:təʊ］
vt. 否决；禁止〈同 deny, prohibit〉
例　My parents vetoed my plan to go to a hill station; instead they said I should study at home. 父母否决了我去避暑山庄的计划，说我应该待在家里。

via
via　［ˈvaɪə］
prep. 经，通过，经由〈同 by way of〉
例 The flight goes via Frankfurt. 这趟航班途经法兰克福。

viable
viable［'vaɪəbəl］
adj. ①可行的，切实可行的〈同　feasible, practicable〉
例　After high expenses and no profit for a year, the company's only viable solution was to file for bankruptcy. 经过一年的高开支和零利润，这家公司唯一可行的解决方案就是申请破产。
例　The infant, though born prematurely, is viable and has a good chance to survive. 那个婴儿虽然是早产，但依然能够存活，生存下来的机会很大。

vibrant
vibrant［'vaɪbrənt］
adj. 活泼的；生气勃勃的〈同　lively, energetic〉
例　His mother advised he get enough sleep so he can be vibrant in the morning for his interview. 他妈妈建议他保持充足的睡眠，这样在参加上午面试的时候他才能精神饱满。

vibrate
vibrate　［vaɪˈbreɪt; (US)ˈvaɪbreɪt］
v. 颤动，震动 〈同 tremble〉
例 When a train comes in on the tracks below, the ground of the railroad station vibrates. 当有火车从地下的轨道经过时，整个火车站的地面都在震动。
联 vibration n. 震动，颤动；vibrant adj. 活泼的；生机勃勃的

vice
vice　［vaɪs］
n. 恶习，恶行〈同 wickedness〉
例 Smoking is one of Mr. Bao's vices. 吸烟是鲍先生的恶习之一。

vicinity
vicinity［vɪ'sɪnɪti］
n. 附近，接近〈同 proximity, nearness〉
例　Living in the vicinity of New York, Bob was near many museums. 鲍勃住在纽约附近，离许多博物馆都很近。

vicious
vicious［'vɪʃəs］
adj. 恶毒的；道德败坏的，堕落的〈同 evil, depraved〉
例　 Snakes can be very vicious if you get too close to their eggs. 如果你太接近蛇蛋，蛇会变得非常凶恶。

victim
victim　［ˈvɪktɪm］
n. 牺牲品，受害者
例 Food is being sent to the victims of the disaster. 食物被派发到灾民手中。
联 victimize v. 牺牲

victory
victory　［ˈvɪktəri］
n. 胜利，战胜
例 The citizens celebrated the army's victories. 市民们庆祝军队的胜利。
联 victorious adj. 获胜的，胜利的；victor n. 胜利者；获胜者

vie
vie［vaɪ］
v. 竞争〈同　compete, rival〉
例　Light vies with darkness. 光明与黑暗针锋相对。

vigilance
vigilance［'vɪʤɪləns］
n. 警戒，警惕〈同　watchfulness, caution〉
例　Constant vigilance is necessary in order to avoid car accidents. 为了避免车祸，始终保持警觉是很有必要的。

vigor
vigor［'vɪgə(r)］
n. 精力，活力〈同 strength, energy〉
例　Having a great deal of vigor, Michael was able to excel in all sports. 迈克尔精力十分旺盛，他的所有体育项目成绩都很优秀。

vigorous
vigorous　［ˈvɪɡərəs］
adj. 健壮的，精力旺盛的；强有力的〈同 robust; strong〉
例 There has been vigorous opposition to the proposals for a new road. 修建新公路的提议遭到强烈的反对。

vindicate
vindicate［'vɪndɪkeɪt］
v. 为…平反；证明…正确
解　to clear of guilt; to justify or prove the worth of, especially in light of later developments
例　After the defendant was found not guilty, he sued the plaintiff to vindicate his reputation. 在被告被证明无罪之后，他对原告提起了诉讼以恢复自己的名誉。

vindictive
vindictive［vɪn'dɪktɪv］
adj. 报复性的，报复心强的
解　bearing a grudge; wanting revenge
例　Her vindictive nature would not let her forgive and forget easily. 她天生报复心很强，无法轻易原谅他人、放下过去。

violate
violate［'vaɪəleɪt］
vt. 亵渎（圣物），冒犯；违反〈同 break〉
例　He violated the law when he stole the money from the store. 当他从商店里偷走钱财，他已经触犯了法律。

violence
violence［'vaɪələns］
n. 暴力；强烈〈同 force〉
例　The violence of the storm terrified the sailors. 凶猛的风暴吓坏了水手们。

violent
violent　［ˈvaɪələnt］
adj. ① 暴力引起的；暴力的〈同 turbulent〉
例 A violent crime is committed in the United States about every 22 seconds. 美国大约每22秒钟就会发生一起暴力犯罪。
例 The violent winds tore down many tall trees. 强风吹倒了许多大树。
记 viol（冒犯）+ ent→用暴力冒犯别人→暴力的
联 violence n. 暴力

virgin
virgin［'vɜ:ʤɪn］
n. 处女
例　Mary was a virgin until she got married. 玛丽结婚之前是处女。
adj. 未经使用的，处于原来状态的；初榨的〈同 unused〉
例　Virgin olive oil is very popular in Italy. 初榨橄榄油在意大利很受欢迎。

virtual
virtual［'vɜ:tjʊəl; 'vɜ:tʃʊəl］
adj. 实质上的
例　Pollution will cause the virtual destruction of the planet. 污染能导致星球真正毁灭。

virtually
virtually　［ˈvɜːtjʊəli］
adv. 事实上，实质上；几乎〈同 almost completely〉
例 It used to be virtually impossible to find vegetarian restaurants outside the major cities, but it's much easier now. 以前要在大城市以外的地方找到素食餐厅几乎是不可能的，但现在却容易了许多。

virtue
virtue［'vɜ:tju:］
n. 美德〈同　merit, goodness〉
例　Mr. Bao is the incarnation of virtue; he has never done anything wrong since he was born. 鲍先生就是美德的化身；他自从出生以来，从未做过任何错事。

virus
virus［'vaɪərəs］
n. 病毒〈同 germ〉
例　The virus was killed with antibiotics. 抗生素杀死了病毒。

viscosity
viscosity［vɪs'kɒsəti］
n. 黏度，黏性〈同　viscidity, stickiness〉
例　The mechanic's hands were always dirty, mostly because of the viscosity of oil. 那名技工的双手总是很脏，这很大程度上是由于油的黏性。

visible
visible　［ˈvɪzəbəl］
adj. 看得见的，明显的〈同 able to be seen〉
例 Employees must wear their badges so they are visible. 员工必须佩戴徽章，以使他们易于辨认。
联 visibility n. 可见度

vision
vision　［ˈvɪʒən］
n. 视觉〈同 sight〉
例 Surgery restored the blind woman's vision. 手术恢复了那位盲人女子的视力。

vista
vista［'vɪstə］
n. 景色〈同　outlook, view〉
例　The vista from the top of the mountain is majestic. 从山顶看到的景色非常雄伟壮丽。

visual
visual　［ˈvɪʒjʊəl］
adj. 视觉的
例 Special glasses corrected David's visual problem. 特殊的眼镜矫正了戴维的视力。

visualize
visualize［'vɪzjʊəlaɪz; 'vɪʒʊəlaɪz］
v. 使可见；想像，设想〈同 imagine〉
例　The inventor of the Internet visualized a world networked together. 互联网的发明者使世界联网为一体成为现实。

vital
vital　［ˈvaɪtəl］
adj. 极重要的；与生命有关的；充满活力的〈同 essential〉
例 We learned in our biology class that all living things, no matter how large or small, carry on the same vital functions. 我们在生物课上学到过，所有生物，不论大小，均有同样的生命机能。
联 vitalism n. 活力论，生机说；vitalist n. 活力论者；vitality n. 活力，生命力

vitality
vitality［vaɪ'tæləti］
n. 活力，生命力，体力
解　vital force; power to live
例　One's vitality can be lessened by illness. 生病会削弱人的体力。

vitalize
vitalize［'vaɪtəlaɪz］
v. ① 赋予…生命 ② 给予…活力 ③ 鼓舞
解　① to give life to ② to put vitality into
例　The cartoonist vitalized the drawing of a mouse called Mickey into one of the most famous icons in the world. 这位漫画家将一只名叫米奇的老鼠画得栩栩如生，使它成为了世界上最著名的漫画形象之一。

vitiate
vitiate［'vɪʃɪeɪt］
v. ① 削弱，损害，使无效 ② 使（在道德方面）败坏
解　① to reduce the value or impair the quality of ② to corrupt morally
例　Fraud will vitiate the contract. 欺诈会使合同失效。

vivid
vivid　［ˈvɪvɪd］
adj. ①（光线、色彩）鲜艳的；强烈的〈同 bright〉
例 David's tie was a vivid green. 戴维的领带是鲜艳的绿色。
例 The author's vivid description aided my visualization of the story's setting. 作者鲜明生动的描述，帮助我更形象地了解了故事的背景。
记 viv（生命）+ id→生动的
联 vivify vt. 使生动；vivisection n. 活体解剖

vocal
vocal［'vəʊkəl］
adj. 嗓音的；歌唱的
例　Her vocal skills as a child were evidence that she would become a great singer. 作为一个小孩，她的歌唱技巧可以证明她将成为一个伟大的歌唱家。

vocation
vocation［vəʊ'keɪʃən］
n. 职业〈同 career, profession〉
例　He chose medicine as his vocation and committed himself to curing diseases. 他选择进入医药行业工作，致力于治病救人。

void
void［vɔɪd］
n. 空白，空虚〈同 emptiness, space〉
例　Her death left a void in her husband's life. 她去世后她丈夫的生活很空虚。
adj. 无效的〈同 canceled, invalid〉
例　The student's report was void of any reason and he failed. 学生的报告缺少理由，未被准许。

volatile
volatile［'vɒlətaɪl; (US)-təl］
adj. ①挥发性的〈同　evaporable〉
例　Alcohol is an example of a volatile liquid. 酒精是一种典型的挥发性液体。
例　The boss was very volatile in the morning and all his employees would avoid him then. 老板在早上的时候情绪非常不稳定，所以所有员工在那个时间都避开他。

volume
volume　［ˈvɒljuːm］
n. 体积，容积；量〈同 capacity; amount〉
例 The volume of information that a computer diskette can hold is astounding. 计算机磁盘可存储的信息量是惊人的。
联 voluminous adj. 长篇的；大量的

voluntary
voluntary　［ˈvɒləntəri; (US)ˈvɒlənteri］
adj. 自愿的；志愿的〈同 willing〉
例 The charity relied solely on voluntary support. 慈善团体完全依靠自愿支持。
记 volunt（意志，意愿）+ ary→自愿的
联 involuntary adj. 自然而然的，无意的；volunteer n. 自愿者

volunteer
volunteer［ˌvɒlən'tɪə(r)］
n. 自愿者，志愿者
例　The volunteers cleaned up the street without getting paid. 志愿者们无偿清扫街道。
v. 自愿（做…）〈同 offer〉
例　People who volunteer their services to the army were called volunteers. 志愿在军队服役的人称为志愿兵。

voracious
voracious［və'reɪ∫əs］
adj. 狼吞虎咽的，贪婪的〈同　greedy, insatiable〉
例　The wolf is a voracious animal; its hunger is never satisfied. 狼是一种贪婪的动物；它的饥饿永远得不到满足。

vote
vote　［vəʊt］
n./vt. 投票〈同 cast one's ballot〉
例 In India everyone eighteen or over gets the right to vote in political elections. 在印度，凡年满18岁者，均有权在政治选举中投票。
联 voter n. 投票者，选举人

voyage
voyage　［ˈvɔɪɪʤ］
n. 航行；旅行，航程〈同 journey〉
例 The voyage to America used to take many months. 以前，去往美国的航程需要花数月时间。
联 voyager n. 航海者

vulgar
vulgar［'vʌlgə(r)］
adj. 粗鲁的，庸俗的；下流的〈同 rude, indecent〉
例　His vulgar words were very impolite to say in front of guests. 他在客人面前说粗话是很不礼貌的。

vulnerable
vulnerable［'vʌlnərəbəl］
adj. 易受攻击的；易受伤害的〈同 defenseless, susceptible〉
例　Small animals are often vulnerable to attack. 小型动物通常易受攻击。

wage
wage　［weɪʤ］
n. 工资〈同 payment〉
例 Susan gets paid a good wage for her work. 苏珊的工资很高。
v. 发动〈同 carry on〉
例 Pakistan waged a war with India in 1965. 1965年，巴基斯坦发动了对印度的战争。

walkout
walkout［'wɔ:kaʊt］
n. 罢工〈同　strike〉
例　After the walkout, the workers and the company officials held negotiations to resolve the situation. 罢工结束后，工人们和公司领导进行了谈判，以解决当前的问题。

wallet
wallet［'wɒlɪt］
n. 皮夹，钱夹
例　He kept all his money in his wallet. 他把所有的钱都放在钱包里。
n. 仓库，货栈〈同 depot, storehouse〉
例　The warehouse stored rice and grain. 仓库存储米和粮食。

wander
wander　［ˈwɒndə(r)］
vi. 徘徊，漫步〈同 roam〉
例 Early man used to wander from one place to another in search of food and shelter. 早期人类经常四处漂泊，寻找食物和住所。

wane
wane［weɪn］
vi. 减少；衰落〈同　decline, dwindle〉
例　The fame of celebrities often starts to wane. 名人的名气经常会开始减弱。

warfare
warfare［'wɔ:fə(r)］
n. 战争；斗争
例　The Art of War is a book on warfare.《孙子兵法》是一部关于战争的书籍。

warrant
warrant［'wɒrənt; (US)'wɔ:rənt］
n. 授权书，委托书；许可证
例　The police had a warrant to enter their house and search for the missing people. 警察带着搜查证进入他们的房子，搜查失踪的人。

warrior
warrior［'wɒrɪə(r); (US)'wɔ:rɪər］
n. 战士，勇士〈同　fighter, combatant〉
例　The warrior fought bravely on the battleground. 那位战士在战场上英勇奋战。

wary
wary［'weəri］
adj. 小心翼翼的，机警小心的〈同　cautious, discreet〉
例　Marilyn's mother told her to be wary of strangers. 玛丽莲的妈妈告诉她要提防陌生人。

wasteland
wasteland［'weɪstlənd］
n. 荒地
解　an uninhabited wilderness that is worthless for cultivation
例　The desert wasteland was uninhabitable for humans. 这片被遗弃的荒地不适合人类居住。

waterfall
waterfall［'wɔ:təfɔ:l］
n. 瀑布〈同 falls〉
例　The large waterfall was exploited to make electricity. 巨大的瀑布被利用起来发电。

waterproof
waterproof［'wɔ:təpru:f］
adj. 防水的〈同 impermeable, tight〉
例　She put her camera in a waterproof bag so it wouldn't get wet. 她把相机放进防水包里防止被打湿。

wax
wax　［wæks］
n. 蜂蜡；蜡状物
例 She watched the wax as it dripped down the side of the candle. 她看着蜡从蜡烛的一侧往下滴。
v. 上蜡于〈同 polish〉
例 I waxed the floor so I'm afraid it's a bit slippery. 我给地板打了蜡，所以恐怕地板有点滑。
联 waxy adj. 苍白的；光滑的

weapon
weapon　［ˈwepən］
n. 武器〈同 arms〉
例 No weapons are permitted in school. 校园内禁止携带任何武器。

weary
weary［'wɪəri］
adj. 疲倦的；厌倦的〈同 tired, exhausted〉
例　The weary workers walked slowly toward the train station after work. 下班后，疲倦的工人们步履缓慢地朝火车站走去。

weave
weave［wi:v］
vt. 编织，组合〈同 braid, knit〉
例　A loom is used to weave cloth. 织布机用是来织布的。

wed
wed［wed］
v. 娶，嫁，（与…）结婚〈同 marry〉
例　He put one knee on the ground and asked her to wed him. 他单膝跪地，向她求婚。

wedge
wedge［weʤ］
n. 楔；使分裂的东西
例　The quarrel drove a wedge between him and his relatives. 吵架使他和他的亲人之间产生了裂痕。
v. 楔入，挤进
例　He wedged himself through the crowd to get a glimpse of the movie star. 他挤进人群瞥见了那位电影明星。

weed
weed　［wiːd］
n. 杂草
例 The farmer killed the weeds with poison. 农民用农药除去了杂草。
联 locoweed n.【植】疯草（牲畜食后会患上疯草病)；seaweed n. 海草，海藻；weed killer 除草剂

weep
weep　［wiːp］
vi. 哭泣〈同 cry〉
例 The movie Titanic was so sad that many people wept when they saw it. 电影《泰坦尼克号》太悲伤了，许多人边看边哭。

weird
weird［wɪəd］
adj. 怪诞的，奇异的〈同　queer, strange〉
例　She looked weird with that horrible makeup on her face. 她脸上糟糕的妆容让她看起来非常奇怪。

weld
weld　［weld］
vt. ① 焊接
例 The cell door was sheet metal welded onto a frame of iron. 牢房的门是把金属板焊在铁框架上制成的。
例 He is a born leader, who welded a collection of gifted individualists into a real team. 他是个天生的领袖。他吸引了一批有才华的人，组成了一个真正的团队。

welfare
welfare　［ˈwelfeə(r)］
n. 福利〈同 well-being〉
例 These organizations have fought very hard for the rights and welfare of immigrants. 这些组织为了移民的权利和福利进行了艰苦的斗争。

well-being
well-being［'welbi:ɪŋ］
n. 安宁；福利〈同　welfare, benefit〉
例　The many foreign investments improved the well-being of the country's economy. 众多国外投资促进了该国经济的健康发展。

whim
whim［wɪm; (US)hwɪm］
n. 随意，冲动〈同 fancy, caprice, impulse〉
例　He has a whim for reading suddenly. 他突然心血来潮想看书。

whim
whim［wɪm; (US)hwɪm］
n. 心血来潮；怪念头〈同　impulse, caprice〉
例　People were uncertain about her whim to marry that rich old fellow. 人们无法确信她要嫁给那个有钱老男人的怪念头。

whip
whip　［wɪp; (US)hwɪp］
n. 鞭子
例 The cowboy bought a long, slender whip at the leather shop. 牛仔在皮革店里买了一条细长的鞭子。
v. 鞭打，抽打〈同 strike〉
例 The rider whipped the horse to make it go faster. 骑手用鞭子抽打马匹，让它跑得更快。

whisper
whisper　［ˈwɪspə(r)］
v. 低声说；耳语
例 You should whisper when you're in the library. 在图书馆的时候，你应该小声说话。
n. 低语
例 The librarian spoke in a whisper. 图书管理员小声地说话。

whittle
whittle　［ˈwɪtəl; (US)ˈhwɪtəl］
v. 削；削减〈同 cut〉
例 Susan whittled a stick with a knife to pass the time. 苏珊用刀子削着一根木棍，以此来打发时间。

wholesale
wholesale［'həʊlseɪl］
adj. ①批发的
例　A rise in the wholesale prices precedes a sharp increase in the retail level. 批发价格上涨之后，零售价格也开始大幅上涨。
例　Many people were angered by the wholesale slaughter of birds. 许多人被大批捕杀鸟类的行为激怒了。

wholesome
wholesome［'həʊlsəm］
例　The food we got at school was simple but wholesome. 我们在学校买的食物虽然简单，但是有益健康。

wholesome
wholesome［'həʊlsəm］
adj. 身心健康的；朝气蓬勃的〈同　healthful, beneficial〉
例　Janet is not really pretty, but her sparkling personality and wholesome charm make her very attractive. 珍妮特其实并不漂亮，但她活泼的个性和朝气蓬勃的魅力让她非常迷人。

wicked
wicked　［ˈwɪkɪd］
adj. 坏的，邪恶的〈同 evil〉
例 The wicked owner treated the employees badly. 那个邪恶的老板对员工态度非常恶劣。

widespread
widespread　［ˈwaɪdspred］
adj. 分布广的，普遍的〈同 extensive〉
例 The earthquake caused widespread damage. 地震造成了大范围的破坏。

wildlife
wildlife［'waɪldlaɪf］
n. 野生动植物〈同 animal〉
例　The conservation research project will concentrate on the wildlife habitats in the forest.（动物）保护研究项目将关注森林野生动物的习性。

wildlife
wildlife［'waɪldlaɪf］
n. 野生动植物〈同　wilding〉
例　The forest was preserved as a national park for the sake of the rare wildlife in it. 那片森林被评为国家公园，以保护里面的稀有野生动植物。

wisdom
wisdom　［ˈwɪzdəm］
n. 智慧〈同 intelligence〉
例 It is often said that wisdom is the product of experience. 人们经常说，智慧是经验的产物。

withdraw
withdraw　［wɪðˈdrɔː］
v. ① 撤退〈同 retreat〉
例 There's been a lot of debate about whether the UN should withdraw its troops from the country. 关于联合国是否应该从这个国家撤军的问题，仍存在许多争议。
例 Once in court, he withdrew the statement he'd made to the police. 一到法庭上，他却收回了向警方所做的供述。
联 withdrawal n. 收回；撤退，退回

wither
wither［'wɪðə(r)］
v.（使）枯萎，凋谢〈同 shrivel, shrink〉
例　I forgot to water my plant and it withered. 我忘给植物浇水，它都枯萎了。

withhold
withhold［wɪð'həʊld］
v. 保留，抑制〈同 hold, keep〉
例　The bank withheld the deposit until he paid back his debt. 银行冻结了他的财产，直到他偿还完借款。

withstand
withstand　［wɪðˈstænd］
vt. 承受，抵住〈同 tolerate, resist〉
例 The training that astronauts receive teaches them how to withstand the hazards of space exploration. 宇航员所接受的培训，让他们学会了如何抵御太空探测的危险。
联 with（相反）+ stand（站）→反着站→承受，抵住

witness
witness　［ˈwɪtnəs］
vt. 目击；为…作证〈同 observe〉
例 The lady witnessed the murder. 那位女士目击了凶杀案。
n. 证人
例 John and Anne served as witnesses to the signing of the contract. 约翰和安妮担任了签署合同的见证人。
联 eyewitness n. 目击者，见证人

witty
witty［'wɪti］
adj. 机智的；风趣的〈同　clever; humorous〉
例　The politician always started his speeches with a witty joke in order to get the audience smiling. 为了引观众发笑，那个政治家的演讲总会以一个诙谐的笑话开场。

wonder
wonder　［ˈwʌndə(r)］
n. 奇迹；惊奇
例 Mount Everest is one of the natural wonders of the world. 珠穆朗玛峰是世界上的自然奇观之一。
vt. 对…感到惊奇，想知道〈同 be curious about〉
例 I wondered how he could finish so much work during a short period. 我想知道，他是如何在这么短时间内完成这么多工作的。
联 wonderful adj. 令人惊奇的，奇妙的，极好的

woods
woods［wʊdz］
n. 森林，树林〈同　forest, woodland〉
例　The man liked to go to the woods on the weekends to hunt for deer. 那个男人喜欢周末去树林里猎鹿。

worship
worship　［ˈwɜːʃɪp］
n./v. 崇拜，膜拜〈同 adore〉
例 He was the hero worshipped by the younger children. 他是孩子们崇拜的英雄。
v. 敬神
例 Tom worships at the temple every Sunday morning. 汤姆每周日上午都去寺庙拜神。

worthwhile
worthwhile　［ˌwɜːθˈwaɪl］
adj. 值得的，值得花时间、金钱或精力的〈同 rewarding〉
例 It may someday be worthwhile to try to recover uranium from seawater, but at present this process is prohibitively expensive. 或许有一天值得尝试从海水中回收铀，但目前这种工艺的成本还是太过高昂。
记 worth（价值）+ while→有价值的→值得的

wrap
wrap　［ræp］
vt. 裹，包，捆〈同 enclose〉
例 He wrapped his handkerchief round his bleeding finger. 他用手绢把流血的手指包了起来。
联 wrap up 胜利完成；包起来

wreath
wreath［ri:θ］
n. 花圈，花环
例　The bride wore a wreath on her head at the wedding. 婚礼上，新娘头戴花环。

wreck
wreck　［rek］
n. 失事；失事的残骸〈同 destruction〉
例 The divers found a wreck on the seabed. 潜水员在海床上发现了一艘沉船的残骸。
vt. 失事〈同 sink, destroy〉
例 The ship was wrecked when it hit the rocks in a storm. 船在暴风雨中撞上了岩石，结果失事了。
联 shipwreck n. 船只失事，海难

wrench
wrench［rentʃ］
n./v. 猛扭，猛拉〈同 twist〉
例　With a powerful wrench, I removed the lid from the pickle jar. 我用了个强有力的扳手，打开了泡菜坛上的盖子。

wring
wring［rɪŋ］
vt. 绞，拧，扭〈同　twist, squeeze〉
例　I wrung the water out of the sponge and wiped the counter. 我拧出海绵里的水，然后用它擦柜台。

wrinkle
wrinkle［'rɪŋkəl］
n. 皱纹，褶皱〈同 crease, furrow〉
例　The shirt has many wrinkles and should be ironed. 衬衫上有许多褶皱，应该熨一下。

yardstick
yardstick［'jɑ:dstɪk］
n. 码尺；准绳〈同　standard〉
例　He used a yardstick to measure the size of the room. 他用码尺来测量房间的大小。

yawn
yawn　［jɔːn］
n. 哈欠 vi. 打哈欠
例 He yawned and fell asleep. 他打了个哈欠，然后睡着了。

yell
yell［jel］
n./v. 大叫，呼喊〈同 shout〉
例　The patient let out a yell of pain when the doctor touched his broken bone. 当医生碰到病人的骨折处时，病人发出了痛苦的叫声。

yield
yield　［jiːld］
v. ① 生产；产生〈同 produce; bear〉
例 The cow won't yield much milk. 奶牛不怎么产奶了。
例 The child pleaded, but the parents wouldn't yield. 孩子不断恳求，但家长就是不让步。
n. 产量；收益〈同 output〉
例 An experienced farmer can estimate the annual yield of his acres with surprising accuracy. 一个有经验的农民可以估算出自己农田的年产量，而且准确度高得惊人。
联 yield to 屈服于

youngster
youngster［'jʌŋstə(r)］
n. 年轻人，少年〈同 youth〉
例　The youngster listened respectfully to his grandfather's stories. 年轻人恭敬地听着祖父的故事。

zenith
zenith［'zenɪθ; (US)'zɪ:nɪθ］
n. 顶点，顶峰〈同 pinnacle, peak〉
例　Bill Clinton reached the zenith of his career in 1992. 1992年，比尔·克林顿到达了事业的顶峰。

zenith
zenith［'zenɪθ］
n. 顶点，顶峰〈同　pinnacle, peak〉
例　Bill Clinton reached the zenith of his career in 1992. 1992年，比尔·克林顿达到了职业的巅峰。

zigzag
zigzag［'zɪgzæg］
adj. ①曲折的〈同　sinuous〉
例　Life today is nervous, sharp, and zigzag. 如今的生活紧张、快速、曲折。
例　Our journey lay through the zigzag path through the woods. 我们的行程是沿一条蜿蜒的小路穿过树林。

zone
zone［zəʊn］
n. 区域；地带〈同 region, district〉
例　The factory was built in an industrial zone. 那座工厂建在工业园区。

zoology
zoology［zəu'ɒləʤi］
n. 动物学
解　the science of animals
例　The diversity of species in the rainforest provides a wealth of knowledge for zoology. 热带雨林的物种多样性为动物学的研究提供了大量的知识。
同　zoologist n. 动物学家
