

         英汉同义词辨析


          644条,527同



abide=comply

abnormal=disordered

abolish=extinguish

abolish=exterminate

abstract=summary

absurd=silly

abundant=plentiful

accent=dialect

access=assess

accommodate=furnish

accomplishment=achievement

accomplishment=exploit

accuse=charge

achieve=secure

achievement
accomplishment, attainment, achievement:
---------------
这三个名词都有“成就”的意思。
accomplishment n.成功，成就；才艺，修养。
Climbing that high mountain was an accomplishment for the hikers.对于登山运动员来说，爬上了那座山就是成功。
Being able to paint well is just one of her accomplishments.画画得好只是她的许多才能之一。
attainment n.指学识和造诣(常用作复数)；达到，到达。
a scholar of the highest attainments造诣极高的学者
achievement n.可指抽象的“成就”，或具体的“成绩”，与accomplishment是同义词。

achievement=exploit

acknowledge=recognize

acquire=secure

acquire=procure

acute=urgent

add=extend

address=stutter

adhere=comply

adjust=vary

admit=recognize

admit=concede

affair=occurrence

affiliate=append

affirm=proclaim

afford=furnish

age
period, time, epoch, era, age:
---------------
period: It indicates any passage of time, great or small. /an extent of time of any length.
(时代)
time(s): It refers to a period in history. in ancient times/ in Victoria time (新时代)
epoch: It indicates a long period of time marked by events or development of a particular kind.
The first flight into space marked a new epoch in the history of mankind.
(纪元)
era: It refers to a very long period of time marked by a particular feature in a great new era of world revolution
(时期)
age: It shows a particular /a fairly definite period in history. the Bronze Age, Iron Age

aggravate=intensify

aid
help, assist, aid:
---------------
help: The general one. to supply whatever someone needs or do whatever might be useful to him.
assist: To co-operate with sb not taking an important part.
He assisted the doctor in the operation.
aid: (not followed infinitive) To help sb who is weak or is in
trouble who wanted very much by adding your work to his in order to do something.
The Red Cross often aids flood victims.

alarm=awe

alert=considerate

alive=lively

allege=proclaim

alleviate=decline

allocate=divide

ally=unite

alter=vary

ambiguous=dim

amble=hustle

amend=vary

amplify=expand

amplify=extend

anger=fury

anger=resentment

announce=proclaim

apparent=distinct

append
affiliate, link, attach, append:
---------------
这一组动词都有"附加"的意思。
affiliate v.加入，成为……一部分。
an affiliated middle school一所附属中学
link v.将人或物连接起来。
The crowd linked arms to form a barrier.群众臂挽着臂组成人墙。
attach v.将某物系在、贴在、附在另一物上。
I attached a note to my report with a paper clip.我用别针将一张字条别在报告的后面。
append v.增加，附加(与attach的意思比较接近)。
The lawyer appended two more pages to the contract.律师在合同后又附加了两页。

applaud=praise

area=zone

area=district

aroma=stench

assembly=symposium

assembly=council

assert=proclaim

assess
access, assess:
---------------
这两个词为一组“形近易混词”。
access n.接近，进入。
The people living in these apartments have free access to that swimming pool.住在这些公寓里的人可以免费地进入游泳池。
assess v.评估(财产，价值)。
I assessed how much it would cost to build a new apartment.我评估了一下建一套新的公寓要多少钱。

assessment=eva luation

assist=aid

associate=unite

attach=append

attain=procure

attain=secure

attainment=achievement

attribute=personality

augment=extend

avenue
way, road, path, route, street, avenue:
---------------
way: Wherever there is room for an object to proceed, there is a way.
road: A road is a prepared way for traveling with horses or vehicles.
path: A way suitable to be traveled only by foot passengers or by animals.
route: A route is a line of travel, and may be over many roads.
street: A street is in some centre of habitation, as a city town or village, when it passes between houses of dwellings.
avenue: A avenue is a long, broad and imposing( 壮严) or principal street.

average=usual

award=reward

aware=conscious

awe
fear, dread, fright, alarm, terror, horror, panic, awe:
---------------
fear: The feeling that one has when danger is near.
(可怕) dread: A great fear esp. of some harm to come.
It suggests fear of facing whatever is coming. Usually dread also means loss of courage.
Illness is the great dread of his life.
(畏惧) fright: The feeling or experience of fear. sudden great fear.
I nearly died of fright at the sight of escaped lion.
(恐慌) alarm: Sudden fear and anxiety as caused by the possibility of
danger and excitement caused by fear of danger.
The news caused great alarm.
(恐惧) terror: Extreme and intense fear.
The people ran from the enemy in terror.
(恐怖 战栗) horror: A feeling of great shock, fear and dislike.
I cried out in horror as I saw the man killed.
(惊恐万状) panic: Sudden uncontrollable quickly-spreading fear or terror, which results in unreasonable and frantic activity.
When I realized the situation I got into a panic.
(敬畏) awe: A feeling respect mixed with fear and wonder.
He always stands in awe of his father.

bandit=pirate

banter=scorn

base=ground

basic=fundamental

battle=combat

bawl=lament

beam=sneer

beautiful=gorgeous

be cross=fury

bewilder=perplex

big=colossal

blame=scold

blaze=scintillate

blubber=lament

blunder
mistake, fault, error, defect, blunder:
---------------
(误会) mistake: A wrong thought, act. It implies carelessness  Anyone can make a mistake.
(过错 弱点) fault: A bad point, but not of a serious moral kind. It refers to behavior and character. His only fault is that he lacks ambition.
find fault with sb / at fault shortcoming: Weakness, failing
It refers to failures or deficiencies in things as well as people.
In spite of all her shortcomings I still think she's one of the best teachers in the school.
(疏忽) error: A mistake (formal sometimes literary)
It implies deviation from a standard or model
The accident was caused by human error.
(缺点 毛病) defect: sth lacking or imperfect.
It refers to quality.
The radio was returned because of a defect.
(失误 过失) blunder: A very stupid or unnecessary mistake.
It implies ignorance.
This is the fatal blunder of his life.

blunder=mistake

border=verge

bound=hurdle

boundary=verge

break=crash

brief=succinct

brigand=pirate

brittle=invalid

burglar=pirate

burst=crash

bush=jungle

business=occurrence

calm=peaceful

campaign=combat

cancel=extinguish

cancel=exterminate

cautious=considerate

cease=terminate

celebrated=notorious

certify=verify

chaff=scorn

character=personality

characteristic=personality

charge
accuse, charge:
---------------
两个动词都有“控诉，指控”之意，但它们后面所搭配的介词不同。
accuse v.指控，控诉，与介词of连用。
The police accused him of theft.警察指控他犯有盗窃罪。
charge v.可以指因为小错而受的责备，也指因违法而受到控告，与介词with连用。
The police charged him with murder.警察指控他犯了谋杀罪

chart
picture, painting, drawing, sketch, diagram, graph, illustration, draft, plan, elevation, chart:
---------------
picture: The most general one.
(彩图) painting: pictures with color.
(绘画 图画) drawing: A picture made with a pen, pencil and crayon. Sketch, diagrams and graphs are all drawings.
(草图) sketch: A rough not detailed drawing.
(图解 图表) diagram: A drawing, figure that shows the arrangement of something.
(曲线图) graph: A diagram in which a straight line, curved, or zigzag line shows how two sets of numbers or measurements are related.
(插图) illustration: A picture to go with words of a book.
(图样 草图) draft: The first rough written form of anything.
(平面图) plan: A line drawing of a building as it might been seen from above.
(主视图) elevation: A flat upright side of a building.
(海图) chart: A map esp. a detailed map of a sea area.

chat=stutter

chatter=stutter

chortle=scorn

chuckle=sneer

chuckle=scorn

circumstance=surrounding

claim=proclaim

clap=praise

clasp=grip

clergy=father

clergyman=father

clothes=overcoat

clothing=overcoat

clutch=grip

coat=overcoat

colossal
big, large, great, huge, vast, immense, enormous, gigantic, titanic, colossal:
---------------
big: Large in size, extent or important.
large: Much bigger than average
great: Very large, important, and good.
great change / great writer / great idea.
huge: Very fig in size, amount and degree.
It stresses volume.(体积)
a huge house/ make a huge profit.
vast: Very large and wide, great in size or amount.
It stresses area.(体积)two dimensional extensions
It is a vast expanse of desert.
vast plains/ vast majority / at vast expanse.
immense: Very great in size or degree./very large or huge.
It stresses three dimensional largesse.
It implies immeasurableness.
an immense palace/ immense importance
The government will build an immense stadium.
enormous: Extremely large./very large in size, amount or degree.
It stresses not only size but degree.
It implies abnormality.
He earned enormous sums of money
an enormous animal/ enormous appetite/ enormous amount
tremendous: Extraordinarily large in size, amount or degree. / large or impressive
It implies astonishment, terror.
tremendous speed / tremendous noise/ tremendous amount /tremendous feeling.
gigantic: Immense in size, on a very large scale like a giant.
titanic: Very big or important.
It refers back to the Titans, a race of giant in Greek mythology. It stresses force and power.
We've made titanic effort to achieve our purpose.
colossal: Very large indeed.
It comes from Colossus of Rhodes a huge statue that is
one of the wonders of the ancient world.
It implies incredibility.

combat
fight, struggle, battle, campaign, war, combat:
---------------
fight: It is a bodily struggle (奋斗 斗争)
struggle: An effort of any kind to overcome difficulty.
(战斗) battle: A fight between armed forces.
(战役) campaign: A series of related military operations in a war.
(战争) war: A period of fight between countries or states when
weapons are used and many people are killed.
(对抗) combat: A fight, conflict, controversy.

combine=unite

commend=praise

common=usual

compel=oblige

complaint=disorder

complement=supplement，append

comply
abide, adhere, conform, comply:
---------------
这四个研究生入学考试中的高频考词都有“遵守”的意思，但是它们的搭配不同。
abide v.后接by表示“遵守，同意”。
I will abide by the director' decision.我将遵从主任的决定。
adhere v.后接to表示“遵守”。(当然adhere一词的其它意思如“坚持；粘附”也经常被考到。)
Car drivers must adhere to the rules of driving.汽车司机必须遵守驾驶规则。
conform v.后接to表示“遵守，符合”。
All individuals are required to conform to the laws made by their governments.每个人都应该遵守政府制订的法律。
comply v.后接with表示“遵守，服从”，用于正式的场合。
Our company complies with governmental regulations on paying taxes.我们公司遵守政府有关纳税的规定。

component=ingredient

compose=include

comprise=include

concede
admit, confess, concede:
---------------
这几个动词都有"承认"的意思。
admit v.指由于说服、再三追问而"承认"某一事实或过错。
I admit that you have a point.我承认你有理。
confess v.供认(罪行、过错等)，含有"坦白、招认"的意思。
He confessed his crimes to the judge.他向法官供认了他的罪行。
concede v.指曾想隐瞒或不愿意承认某一错误，但由于证据确凿而不得不勉强承认，还可以指"以退为进"的承认。
The man who caused the accident finally conceded to the police that he had done it.造成这次交通事故的人最终向警察承认他是肇事人。

concede=recognize

concentrate=focus

concise=succinct

condemn=scold

conditions=surrounding

conference=council

conference=symposium

confess=concede

confess=recognize

confinement=restraint

conform=comply

confuse=perplex

congress=council

congress=symposium

connote=symbolize

conscious
aware, conscious:
---------------
aware a.知道的，意识到的，强调感官对外界事物的意识。
He was aware of his mistake.他意识到自己的错误。
conscious a.有意识的，意识到的，一般指内心所意识到的。
The salesman is conscious of the fact that he must increase sales.销售员意识到他必须增加销售量。

consequence=effect

conserve=reserve

considerable=considerate

considerate
alert, cautious, considerate:
---------------
这一组形容词都表示"小心的，谨慎的"。
alert a.警惕的，留神的。
The hostess remained standing, alert to every guests' drinking need.女主人一直站在旁边，时刻准备给大家斟酒。
cautious a.细心的，谨慎的。
He has a cautious attitude about spending money.在花钱的问题上他态度谨慎。
considerate a.关心他人的，体贴的。
He is always considerate of others; he is kind and sympathetic.他总是很体谅他人，并且慈祥而富有同情心。

considerate
considerable, considerate:
---------------
这是一对形近易混的形容词。
considerable a.相当大的，相当多的；值得考虑的。
That family owns a considerable amount of land.那个家族拥有大量的土地。
considerate a.考虑周到的，体贴的，后面常跟of结构。
He is always considerate of others; he is kind and sympathetic.他总是很体谅别人，他很慈善并且富有同情心。

consist=include

constant=incessant

constitute=include

constrain=oblige

continual=incessant

continuous=incessant

convention=council

converse=stutter

convert=vary

convert=transform

coruscate=scintillate

costume=overcoat

council
meeting, convention, conference, congress, assembly, council:
---------------
meeting: The most general one. any gathering of several or many people in one place at a certain time. A meeting can be large or small, long or shirt. It is usually planned ahead of time.
(年会) convention: An annual meeting of an organization or political group.
(讨论会) conference: A meeting at which two or more people have an formal discussion and exchange views on a subject.
(代表大会) congress: A formal meeting of representatives of societies or  countries to exchange information and opinion.
(集会) assembly: A group of people who have gathered together for a  meeting for the purpose of being informed, being entertained or making group decisions.
(协商会) council: A meeting of a small group of people chosen from a large group to serve as advisers or consultants.

crack=crash

crash
break, crush, smash, crack, burst, shatter, crash:
---------------
break: The most general one.
(压碎 压破) crush: To press together violently as to break, to destroy its shape by squeezing it. It suggests the effect of great external pressure.
The tree fell on top of the car and crushed it.
(打碎) smash: To break thoroughly to pieces with a crushing sound.
She dropped the plate and smashed it.
(打裂) crack: To break without separation of parts.
It suggests the breaking out across a surface.
He cracked the window by leaning against it.
(破裂)  burst: To break open by pressure from within.
The fireworks burst while they were in the air.
(砸碎 破碎) shatter: To break into pieces.
It suggests the breaking up of a thin surface.
The glass was shattered to pieces.
(撞坏) crash: To refer to the vehicle which hits something and is badly damaged.

crazy=maniac

credible=plausible

credulous=plausible

crisp=invalid

critical=urgent

crucial=urgent

crush=crash

cry=lament

curt=succinct

damage=wreck

dazzle=scintillate

decline
alleviate, diminish, reduce, decrease, decline:
---------------
这一组动词都有"减少，减轻"的意思。
alleviate v.在痛苦方面的减轻，缓和
The painkiller alleviated the pain.止疼药减缓了疼痛。
diminish v.指因为不断消耗，在数量方面缓慢减少，也指在素质或者价值的下降。
The supply of oil has diminished because of the war.由于战争石油的供应减少了。
reduce v.指人为地使某物在数量或重量方面的减少或降低。
He reduced the amount of money they could spend.他缩减了他们的开销。
decrease v.指数量上的减少；力量或者强度的减弱。
The population decreased a lot last year.去年人口数量急剧下降。
decline v. (数目、价格、比率)下降；谢绝，婉言推辞；衰退，衰落。
Last year, the crime rate in Chicago has sharply declined.去年芝加哥的犯罪率明显下降。
He declined our invitation to dinner.他婉拒了我们请他吃饭的邀请。

decline=reduce

decline=deny

decrease=reduce

decrease=decline

deduce=reduce

defect=blunder

delay=postpone

demolish=wreck

demonstrate=illustrate

denote=symbolize

deny
decline, refuse, reject, deny:
---------------
这组动词都有"拒绝"的意思。
decline v.婉言拒绝，谢绝，相当于refuse politely，主要用于拒绝有关社交活动的邀请或要求帮助的请求，后接名词或动词不定式，主语只能是人。
I invited her to join us, but she declined.我邀请她和我们在一起，可是她婉言谢绝了。
refuse v.是比较普通的用词，表示"拒绝"，含有非常坚决地、不客气地拒绝的意思。
reject v.抛弃，不采纳，主语可以是人或物，后接名词，不能接动词不定式。
He asked her to go to the movies three times, and each time she rejected him.他三次约她去看电影，但每一次都被拒绝。
deny v.否认，否定，其后可接名词，代词或that从句。
The defendant denied the accusations made against him in court.被告在法庭上否认了对他的指控。

deride=scorn

destroy=wreck

detach=divide

deviate=divert

diagram=chart

dialect
accent, tone, dialect:
---------------
这三个名词意思相近，容易混淆。
accent n.口音，指某一地区语言的发音特征；重音。
He speaks English with a Spanish accent.他讲英语带有西班牙口音。
tone n.语气，音调，指说话人的口气或声音的高低、轻重等。
He speaks to his baby in soft tones.他用柔和的语调和他的婴儿说话。
dialect n.方言，土语，地方话，指一个地区人们所使用的语言。
the Yorkshire dialect约克郡方言the Sichuan dialect四川方言

digest=summary

dim
ambiguous, obscure, vague, unclear, dim:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"模糊"的意思。
ambiguous a.意义含糊的，有歧义的，指因字、词、句有歧义而使人感到模糊不清、难以理解和把握。
His ambiguous directions confused us; we did not know which of the two roads to take.他的模棱两可的指导使我们很迷惑以至于我们不知道该走哪条路了。
obscure a.用于表达因光线不足而使人看不清楚。该词的引申意义可以表示语法、文字、记忆等因复杂、深奥、模棱两可而使人看不懂和无法理解。
The poetry of Ezra Pound is sometimes difficult to understand because it contains so many obscure references.艾兹拉?庞德的诗有时候难以理解，因为诗歌中含有许多令人费解的典故。
vague a.含混的，不清楚的，多用于比喻意义，用来表示因逻辑关系不清、言辞笼统而导致的意义不清楚，该词也可表示轮廓形状的不清楚和模糊。
He has some vague ideas about what to do, but nothing specific.他大概知道他要做什么，但没有具体的计划。
unclear a.指句意、字迹不清楚，使人难以看懂；不肯定的。
Unclear writing is difficult to understand.模糊的字迹使人难以辨认。
It is unclear whether the economy will get better.经济是否好转仍不明朗。
dim a.光线暗淡的，看不清的；记忆力模糊的；不大可能的。
Don't work in dim light.不要在昏暗的光线下工作。
His changes of recovery from illness are dim.他康复的可能性十分渺茫

diminish=reduce

diminish=decline

dip=submerge

disappear=fade

disorder
complaint, disorder:
---------------
这两个词都有"疾病"的意思。
complaint n.疾病(主要指病人去看病时向医生描述的病症，既可以是小病、慢性病，也可以是传染性疾病)；抱怨，埋怨，不满。
a heart complaint心脏病
disorder n. (精神或肉体的)疾病(着重于身心、机能的失调、不平衡)；骚乱，动乱；混乱，杂乱。
a disorder of the digestive system消化系统疾病

disordered
abnormal, uncommon, disordered:
---------------
这三个单词都有“反常的”之意，在考研和CET-6当中经常让考生们辨析它们的细微差别。
abnormal a.不正常的，反常的(但并非罕见)，指行为或现象(如气候)的异常。
His body temperature has been abnormal for 3 days, the highest point reaching 40.5 degree centigrade.他的体温三天来一直都不正常，最高的时候达到40.5摄氏度。(尽管身体发烧不正常，但生活中也时有发生。)
uncommon a.罕见的，不平常的，指很少经历或很少见到的状况；特别的，出色的。
Hurricanes are uncommon in England.飓风在英国非常罕见。
That is uncommon instant coffee; it tastes great!那速溶咖啡质量上乘，味道好极了！
disordered a.混乱的，杂乱的；(精神或身体)有病的。
We couldn't understand her disordered presentation.我们听不明白她条理不清的陈述。

dispose=extinguish

distinct
apparent, evident, manifest, obvious, distinct:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"明显的"之意。
apparent a.明显的，显而易见的，尤其指容易观察到或认识到的事物。
He is very unhappy, and it is apparent that he wants to leave now.他很不高兴，显然他现在想走了。
evident a.明白的，明显的，与apparent基本同意，多用于推理或由事实证明的事物。
It is evident that he is guilty; his fingerprints were found at the crime scene.显然他是有罪的，在犯罪现场发现了他的指纹。
manifest a.清楚的，明显的，多指根据外部特征或迹象便能看出或了解其意义，常作表语。
Her ability is manifest, but she is not attractive.她才能出众，但长相并不动人。
obvious a.明显的，显而易见的，含有无可辩白，不需证明之意。
It is obvious that that woman has had too much to drink.很显然，那个妇女酒喝的太多了。
distinct a.清楚的，明显的；不同的，独特的。修饰性质明显不同的东西。
Medical care has made a distinct improvement in his health.治疗已使他的健康有了明显的好转。

distract=divert

district=zone

district
zone, area, region, district:
---------------
zone: A particular part of something or a particular place.
area: A small or large part not thought of a fixed land division.
A playground is an outside area.
region: Usually part of a country usually large may or may not
be thought of as fixed land division.
A desert is a barren region.
district: A fixed land division usually smaller than region.
We live in Hongkou District of Shanghai.

divert
deviate, distract, divert:
---------------
这三个词都有"转移"的意思。
deviate v.背离，偏离。多指脱离正轨或正题等。
He deviated from society by becoming a drug addict.他成为一名吸毒者，从而违背了社会道德准则。
distract v.使分心，分散(注意力、心理等)。常带有不能专心的意思。
Noise distracts him, so he can't study for exams.喧闹声分散了他的注意力，所以他无法进行考试的复习。
divert v.转移，使转向，着重改变后的结果，后常接介词from。
A loud noise diverted everyone's attention from their work.一声巨响转移了每个人的工作注意力。

divide
allocate, separate, detach, divide:
---------------
这一组动词都有"分开"的意思。
allocate v.分配，把……拨给。
The city government allocated money for schools and the police in this year's budget.市政府在今年的预算中给学校和警察部门分配了资金。
separate v.人为地分开，使隔离开。
We separated the salad forks from the dinner forks.我们把沙拉叉与餐叉分隔开。
detach v.拆开组合的物体；远离，疏远。
We need a carpenter to detach this bookshelf from the wall.我们需要一名木匠将书架从墙上拆下来。
divide v.指将整体分为若干个部分。
The huge corporation dividedsintossmaller companies.这家特大公司分成一些较小的公司。

divide=separate

draft=chart

drag=wrench

draw=wrench

drawing=chart

drawl=stutter

dread=awe

dress=overcoat

durable=enduring

duty=responsibility

earn=secure

effect
result, consequence, effect:
---------------
result: The most general one.
What happens because of something else.
It indicates a strict causal link between the two events.
The word may often suggest an earlier action
deliberately taken to gain a particular goal. It suggests a unique or unpredictable one-time action.
consequence: (fml) Something that follows from an action or condition.
More often the word suggests a negative result or at least the negative concomitant (相伴的) of an otherwise desirable effect.
Cancer is a consequence of smoking.
effect: A special or particular result.
It gives a more objective almost scientific tone and emphasizes a principle that underlies a chain of events.
Did the medical have a good effect.

element=ingredient

elementary=fundamental

elevation=chart

eliminate=exterminate

eliminate=extinguish

embarrass=perplex

emotion=sentimentl

employment=position

enduring
durable, lasting, ever-lasting, perpetual, permanent, enduring:
---------------
durable: Long-lasting
It refers to the power to resist change, delay and wear.
we must make a durable peace.
(ever)-lasting: Continuing for a long time/unending.
It refers to something that may end sooner or later. a lasting sorrow/ a ever-lasting friendship.
perpetual: (strongest one) Lasting for ever or a long time.
/uninterrupted happening often. It refers chiefly to an activity that is not susceptible to interruption.
I'm tired of your perpetual complainants/chatters.
permanent: Lasting for ever.
The permanent of the treaty is in doubt.
enduring: Lasting and continuing to exist.
It implies great resistance to both time and change.

enlarge=expand

enlarge=extend

enormous=colossal

environment=surrounding

epoch=age

era=age

erase=extinguish

error=mistake

error=blunder

especial=peculiar

estimate=eva luation

eva luation
assessment, estimate, eva luation:
---------------
这一组名词都有"评估"的意思。
assessment n.评估，估价，常常表示对于财产、价值的评估。
We have a low assessment on our property.我们对我们的资产评估很低。
estimate n.估计，强调进行评估得出的结果，常与动词give搭配。
The mechanic gave me a rough estimate of two or three hundred dollars for the repairs to my car.机械师给我的汽车修理费的粗略估计是200或300美元。
eva luation n. (对于能力，价值、工作业绩的)评价，估价，常带有肯定的、正确的含义。
He gave a positive eva luation of our scientific research.他对于我们的科学研究给予了积极的评价。

event=occurrence

ever-lasting=enduring

evident=distinct

exclude=extinguish

excursion=voyage

expand=extend

expand
amplify, enlarge, stretch, magnify, reinforce, expand:
---------------
amplify v.扩大，增加，尤其指通过增强电压或电流使声音扩大；补充叙述(故事、事件等)。
We must ask you to amplify your statement.我们得请你对你的说法作进一步的说明。
enlarge v.扩大，多指具体物品如相片的放大。
enlarge photograph放大照片enlarge a house扩建房屋
stretch v. (有弹性地)伸展，延伸，并有可能超过限度；伸长、伸出(身体某部位)并绷紧肌肉(尤指在放松后或为了够着某物)。
The pullover stretched after I had worn it a few times.这件套头毛衣我穿了几次之后就撑大了。
Having finished their morning work, the clerks stood up behind their desks, stretching themselves.完成了早间工作之后，职员们站到桌子后面伸伸懒腰。
magnify v.放大，指用透镜或显微镜使物体看上去大一些。
His eyeglasses magnify words so he can read them.他借助眼睛把字放大以便能够阅读。
reinforce v.增援，加固。
expand v.指范围、体积的扩大、增大，也可以指内容或细节的充实。
The balloon expanded, then exploded.气球先是膨胀，然后就爆破了。

exploit
achievement, accomplishment, feat, exploit:
---------------
achievement: Something which one succeed in doing esp. after a lot of effort usually dangerous or difficult.
The first space flight was a great achievement.
accomplishment: The skill that people have required. It is something that took knowledge and, usually, hard work. When you have solved a hard arithmetic problem or learned to figure out, you can be proud of your accomplishment.
Among his many accomplishments is the ability to play card tricks.
feat: It requires more courage and strength. It applies to mental acts as well physical acts.
Learning a new skill is a feat.
exploit: An accomplishment that requires even greater daring and heroism than a feat.
Old stories tell about the exploits of famous heroes.

extend
increase, add, enlarge, magnify, amplify, augment, expand, extend:
---------------
increase: To make or become larger in amount or number.
it refers to quantity or intensity as well as size.
The population of this county has increased.
add: To put together with something else so as to increase the
number size, importance.
He added some wood to increase the fire.
(扩大) enlarge: To grown larger or wider.
I want to enlarge this photograph/house.
(放大) magnify: To make something appear larger than in reality, esp. by means of a lens.
You have magnified the peril.
(扩充) amplify: To make large or fuller, esp. give fuller information, more details etc.
to amplify a radio signal/sound.
augment: (fml) To become larger or greater.
It emphasizes the action of addition.
He augmented his income by writing some short stories.
(扩展 扩张) expand: To increase in range scope or volume as well as in size. Iron expands when it is heated.
(加长) extend: To make longer in space or time, to extend a railway.
Can't you extend your visit for a few days.

exterminate=wreck

exterminate
cancel, abolish, eliminate, repeal, exterminate:
---------------
(取消 解除) cancel: To give up, to declare something is to be effective.
He has cancelled his leave of absence.(消假)
(废除 废止) abolish: To do away with. It refers to practices, social institutions. Bad customs should be abolished.
(消灭 排除) eliminate: To get rid of.
We should eliminate the false and retain the true.
(撤消 废除) repeal: To bring to an end of the effect of a law or an order. Some laws should be repealed.
(根除 消灭) exterminate: To destroy completely and wholly.
Colonialism must be exterminated.

extinguish
abolish, cancel, eliminate, dispose, erase, exclude, extinguish:
---------------
这一组动词都有“取消，除掉”的意思。
abolish v.指对法律、习俗、制度的废除；完全破坏。
The government abolished the tax on alcohol.政府取消了酒税。
cancel v.对预先安排的某种活动(如旅行、计划、会议等)的取消；删去(字、句)。
The meeting has been cancelled because of the flu.会议由于流感而取消了。
eliminate v.指消除、淘汰已经存在但是现在不需要的东西。
The losing team was eliminated from further competition.失利的那个队被淘汰了，不能参加下一阶段的比赛。
The doctor helped him eliminate toxins from the intestine.医生帮助他排出肠中毒素。
dispose v.处理，处置；表示“除掉、扔掉”时常与of连用。(这一点需要注意。)
After your picnic, please dispose of the litter.野餐后请清除掉垃圾。
erase v.除去，擦掉，指有意识地除去字迹、声音等。
I erased the music on the tape before recording on the tape again.我在往磁带上录音之前先消掉了上面的音乐。
exclude v.排斥；排除，不包括在内，与include互为反义词。
The restaurant excludes anyone who is not properly dressed from entering.衣冠不整者不得进入该餐馆。
extinguish v.熄灭，扑灭(火)；使沉默，使暗淡。
Firefighters extinguished a big fire.消防队员扑灭了大火。

factor=ingredient

fade
disappear, vanish, fade:
---------------
这一组词都有"消失"的意思。
disappear v.消失，不见；灭绝，不复存在。是个一般用语。
The little dog was just there, then he disappeared.那条小狗刚才就在那里，然后就不见了。
vanish v.消失，不见，指突然间化为乌有，强调非常彻底地、神秘莫测地消失、失踪。
The man ransintosthe shop and vanished from sight.那个男子跑到了商店里，然后就消失了。
fade v.指衣服的颜色褪色，声音的逐渐消失。
The wallpaper has faded from red to pale pink.墙纸从红色褪成了淡粉色。

fair=gorgeous

famous=notorious

father
priest, minister, clergy, clergyman, pastor, vicar, father:
---------------
priest: A person, esp. a man specially trained for various religious duties and ceremonies, in the  Christian church, esp. in the Roman Catholic church
(牧师) minister: A member of clergy, esp. Protestant churches.
(牧师) clergy(pl): The officially appointed leader of the religious activities of a particular church or temple.
clergyman: clergymen(pl) a member of clergy.
(牧师) pastor: A Christian religious leader in charge of a church and its members, esp. in a Protestant church.
(教区牧师) vicar: A priest in charge of an area(parish) in the church of England.
father: A little of respect for a priest, esp. in the Roman Catholic.

fault=blunder

fear=awe

feat=exploit

feature=personality

feeling=sentimentl

fight=combat

flame=scintillate

flare=scintillate

flash=scintillate

flavor=stench

flicker=scintillate

focus
concentrate, focus:
---------------
这两个动词都有"集中"的意思。
concentrate v.集中，集中精力(后接on，宾语可以是具体或抽象的东西)；浓缩，压缩。
During exams, students concentrate hard on answering the questions.考试期间，同学们集中精力回答问题。
focus v.集中(于某事物)；将(注意力等)集中于……(后接on，宾语一般不是具体的东西)。
Please focus your minds on the following problem.请集中考虑以下问题。

foolish=stupid

force=oblige

foundation=ground

fragile=invalid

fragrance=stench

frail=invalid

fright=awe

frontier=verge

fundamental
basic, elementary, fundamental:
---------------
basic a.基本的，基础的，既可用于具体事物，也可用于抽象事物。
He has a basic understanding of the problem.他对问题有基本的了解。
elementary a.初步的，初级的。elementary school小学
fundamental a.根本性的，一般只用于抽象的事物；必要的，必须的。
Honesty is a fundamental principle in dealing with others.诚实是与别人相处的基本原则。

furnish
accommodate, afford, furnish:
---------------
这一组动词都有“提供”的意思。
accommodate v.提供住宿、房间；适应，迎合，迁就。
This hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests.这家饭店可供500位来宾住宿。
The company accommodated the customer's wish and sent the delivery overnight.公司满足了顾客的愿望，连夜将货物发了出去。
afford v.负担，支付；当“提供”讲时，多用于指抽象事物的提供。
We can't afford that expensive sports car.我们买不起那辆昂贵的跑车。
The tall building affords a beautiful view of the ocean.从这幢高楼上可以看到大海的美丽景致。
furnish v.指提供生活或某种用途所需要的东西。
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge, it is thinking that makes what we read ours.阅读虽然为我们的思想提供了各种知识，然而只有思考才能将我们读到的内容变成自己的东西。

fury
anger, be cross, indignation, wrath, rage, fury:
---------------
anger: The most general one.
(易怒) be cross: Feeling easy to get angry.
(愤慨) indignation: (fml) Anger.
It stresses righteous anger at what one considers unfair, mean or shameful.
We expressed our indignation at the ruthless exploitation.
(愤怒) wrath: Very treat anger. (literary)
It suggests a desire on intent to revenge or punish.
(狂怒) rage: Wild, violent anger.
It suggests loss of self- control from violence of emotion. in a rage /to fall into a rage.
(暴怒) fury: Violent, extreme and destructive anger.
She flew into a fury.

fury=resentment

gabble=stutter

gain=secure

gain=procure

gangster=pirate

gape
see, look at, watch, gaze, stare, glance, glimpse, glare, peep, gape:
---------------
see: To experience with the eyes and it does not depend on what you want to do.
look at: To use your eyes on purpose and with attention.
watch: to look for some time at something that may move.
gaze: To look long and steadily, often with the implication of
wonder, admiration.
stare: To gaze intently esp. with wide-open eyes as in amusement,
admiration, wonder, deep thought, anger or fear.
glance: To look at something quickly and briefly.
glimpse: To see by chance, just for a moment.
glare: To stare angrily, fiercely.
It emphasizes hospitality or fear.
peep: To look quickly and secretly or from a hiding place.
peer: To look sharply and curiously with a narrowing of the eyes
often a movement of the head forward.
gape: To look hard in surprise, esp. with the mouth open.

garment=overcoat

gaze=gape

general=usual

get=procure

gibe=scorn

gift
present, gift:
---------------
present: It shows a friendly and respectful attitude usu substantial things.
gift: It shows something which is given voluntarily given without
expectation of return or compensation.

gigantic=colossal

giggle=scorn

giggle=sneer

glance=gape

glare=gape

glare=scintillate

gleam=scintillate

glimmer=scintillate

glimpse=gape

glint=scintillate

glisten=scintillate

glitter=scintillate

glow=scintillate

good-looking=gorgeous

gorgeous
good-looking, beautiful, handsome, pretty, lovely, fair, gorgeous:
---------------
good-looking: Having an attractive appearance in a strong, healthy way used for men and women not things.
beautiful: ( a woman or a thing) Suggesting symmetry of features or perfection of proportion, elegance and mobility. beautiful flowers, a beautiful girl/voice/city/face beautiful weather.
handsome: Of attractive appearance applies to men. a handsome fellow/actor/horse/buildings/young man.
pretty: (a girl, or a small thing) Suggesting liveliness and sweetness, pleasing or nice to look at. a pretty little woman/garden, a pretty girl/ picture/piece of music,
lovely: (something) So beautiful that it makes you feel good to look at it or even to think about it. The garden looks lovely.
fair: Beautiful( of woman in poet) light in color esp., skin hair.
gorgeous: (persons or things) (inf) Extremely beautiful or handsome.

gossip=stutter

grab=grip

grant=recognize

graph=chart

grasp=grip

great=colossal

grin=scorn

grin=sneer

grip
grasp, clasp, clutch, seize, snatch, grab, grip:
---------------
grasp: To take hold of something firmly usu using the whole hand. Grasp all and lose all.
He grasped her by the hand.
clasp: To hold something firmly and tightly with one's arms or hand round.
The child clasped his doll protectively.
clutch: To grasp something quickly and greedily.
It suggests eagerness or an anxiety in seizing or grasping and may implies less success in holding.
The mother clutched her baby in his arms.
seize: To take hold of suddenly with force. The animal seized its prey.
to seize sb by the hand/to seize something from sb.
snatch: To grasp something quickly and suddenly sometimes secretly
It suggests more suddenness or quickness but less force than seize.
The thief snatched her purse and ran away.
grab: (infml) It implies more roughness and rudeness than snatch. She grabbed his arms and pulled him out of the room.
grip: To take a very tight hold of something esp. with your  fingers or with a tool.
He gripped the nail and pulled it out.

ground
base, foundation, ground:
---------------
这一组名词都有"基础"的意思。
base n.指具体的有形的基础，也可指物体的底部、基部；基地，总部。
They use their apartment in New York as a home base from which they travel frequently.他们把纽约的公寓作为他们频繁出行的大本营。
foundation n.本义指建筑物的地基，含有坚实的基础的意思；基金会。
The foundation for our house is made of cement.我们房子的地基是水泥打下的。
ground n.地面，土地，也指地域，水底，海底。

grown=lament

guffaw=scorn

halt=terminate

handsome=gorgeous

happening=occurrence

haul=wrench

help=aid

hop=hurdle

horror=awe

huge=colossal

hurdle
jump, leap, spring, bound, skip, hop, vault, hurdle:
---------------
jump: The most general one. to throw oneself into the air.
(跳起)
leap: (literary) To spring through the air, often landing  in a different place.
The boy leaped over the brook without difficulty.
(跳跃) spring: To leap suddenly and quickly.
He sprang to his feet at the sudden noise.
(跳着跑) bound: To spring lightly along.
It suggests high spirits and excitement.
His dog bounded to meet me.
(轻快地跑) skip: To move in a slight dancing way, as with quick steps and jumps.
The little girl skipped at her mother's side.
hop: To jump on one leg.
The boy had hurt his leg and had to hop along.
vault: To leap over something using the hands or a pole.
You can vault a fence by putting your hands on it and swinging yourself over.
hurdle: To jump over some thing while running.
The horse hurdled the fence and ran into the woods.

hustle
walk, stride, stalk, trot, waddle, stagger, totter, shuffle, amble, stroll, saunter, wander, roam, trudge, tramp, mince, slouch, hustle:
---------------
walk: The most general one.
stride: To walk with long steps.
He strode through the station a few minutes before the train left.
(高视阔步) stalk: To walk stiffly, slowly, and proudly with long steps.
trot: To jog, move quickly, usu refers to horses.
(蹒跚而行) waddle: To walk from side to side with short steps like a duck.
The fat man waddled out of the room.
(蹒跚) stagger: To walk unsteadily, slide and drag the feet almost
falling at each step, usually because of illness,  injury or drink.
After drinking too much, he staggered in the street.
(摇摆蹒跚) totter: To walk unsteadily showing great weakness often used
of very young children learning to walk. The child tottered before his parents.
(拖着脚走) shuffle: To move without lifting the feet clear of the floor  as if wearing slippers.
The old man shuffled along the road.
(趾高气扬地走) strut To walk in a proud strong way, esp. with the chest out and trying to look important.
(慢行) amble: To walk at an easy gentle rate.
It stresses a leisurely but regular movement.
(闲逛) stroll: To walk, esp. slowly, for pleasure.
It emphasizes a slower movement, more wandering and aimless with suggestions of many starts and pauses.
They are strolling through this park.
saunter: A little more formal than stroll.
(漫步 徘徊) wander: To move about without a fixed course, aim, or purpose.
He was wandering about/down/through/up and down the street.
(漫游) roam: To wander with as very clear aim.
It suggests a more serious purpose behind the irregular
of circular movement in complete forgetfulness of time.
The lovers roamed around/through the fields.
(跋涉) trudge: To walk heavily and wearily with effort as when one (plod) is tired.
The hunter was trudging through the deep snow.
(重步行走) tramp: To walk with firm heavy steps.
Who has been tramping all over the carpet in muddy shoes.
(扭扭捏捏地走)
mince: To walk with little short steps in an affected manner.
It was a funny sight to see her mince along.
slouch: To walk in a loose, ungainly (不雅观) way.
hustle: To walk in a busy, active way.

illustrate
demonstrate, illustrate:
---------------
这两个词都有"说明"的意思。
demonstrate v.多指通过具体动作或物体进行演示、示范、表演、展示等以达到说明或解释的目的。
This salesman demonstrated how to cook with a pressure cooker.这个推销员当众演示如何用压力锅煮东西。
illustrate v.强调通过举例、列图表或比较等方式来说明道理。
The teacher illustrated the history lesson by telling a story about George Washington.那个老师通过乔治?华盛顿的故事来讲述他的历史课。

illustration=chart

immense=colossal

immerse=submerge

imply=symbolize

incessant
continual, continuous, constant, incessant:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"不断的，不停的"的意思。
continual a.连续不断的；频繁的。表示时断时续的发生。
That dog's barking is a continual annoyance.那条狗不停地叫，真是烦死人了。
continuous a.不停的，连续不断的，强调中间不停顿。
Our homes and offices need a continuous supply of electricity.我们的家庭以及办公室需要不间断的供电。
constant a.不断的，经常的，强调始终如一地经常出现。
Everything in the universe is in constant motion.宇宙中的万物都在不断地运动。
incessant a.不停的，持续不断的，强调令人厌烦地重复出现，中间有可能有停顿。
Incessant noise makes me appreciate silence.持续不断的噪声骚扰使我喜欢安静的环境。

incident=occurrence

include
comprise, compose, consist, constitute, include:
---------------
这一组动词都有"组成，包含"的意思。
comprise v.包含，包括，由……组成(整体)；组成，构成。
Our company's product line comprises 2,500 different items.我们公司的生产线是由2,500个不同的组成部分构成的。
compose v.构成(整体)，组成；由……组成(后接of，常用于被动语态)；创作(作曲、诗歌等)。
The committee was composed mainly of teachers and parents.委员会主要由教师和学生家长组成。
consist v.组成，构成,由……组成(后接of，常用于主动语态)；(后接in)在于，存在于。
The problem consists of two parts.问题由两部分组成。
The beauty of the plan consists in its simplicity.这计划的好处就在于简单易行。
constitute v.构成，组成(整体)。
Crime and illegal drugs constitute the city's major problems.犯罪和非法毒品买卖是这个城市面临的主要问题。
include v.包括，包含，把……列入。
The conference delegates included representatives from abroad.大会代表中有来自海外的代表。

increase=intensify

increase=extend

indicate=symbolize

indignation=resentment

indignation=fury

induce=reduce

ingredient
component, element, factor, ingredient:
---------------
这一组名词都有"组成成分"的意思。
component n.零部件；(某事物的)组成部分；成分。
Tires, the engine, the body, and the seats are component of a car.轮胎，引擎，车身以及坐椅都是一辆汽车的零部件。
element n.元素；组成部分，方面；某特定类型的人或群体，分子。
The elements hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.氢元素和氧元素构成了水。
He belongs to a bad element in this city.他属于这个城市的坏分子。
factor n.因素，要素，侧重指原因。
Endurance is an important factor in success in sports.耐力是体育比赛成功的一个重要因素。
ingredient n.原料，成分，要素。
Flour, milk, butter and yeast are some ingredients in bread.面粉、牛奶、黄油和酵母是做面包的一些原料。

intensify
aggravate, reinforce, increase, strengthen, intensify:
---------------
这一组动词都有"加强"的意思。
aggravate v.加重(负担、罪行、病情等)，使之恶化。
I hurt my foot, then aggravated it by trying to walk too soon.我的脚受伤了，而过早的下地走路又加重了伤情。
reinforce v.增援，一般用于军队或警察的行动；(以添加材料等)加固。
A police officer saw three thieves robbing a bank and radioed to reinforce him.一位警察看到三个盗贼抢劫银行，用无线电话要求增援。
increase v.指数量上的增加。
The number of people has been increased.人数增加了。
strengthen v.加强，巩固，增强，相当于to become stronger。
Exercising every day strengthens the heart.每天锻炼可以提高心脏的功能。
Competition, they believe, strengthens the national character rather than corrupt it.人们认为竞争加强了民族性而不是破坏了它。
intensify v.使变得更强烈、剧烈，加剧，相当于to become more intense or intensive。
intensify colors加深色彩intensify hatred加深仇恨

invalid
brittle, fragile, frail, crisp, invalid:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"弱"的意思。
brittle a.易碎的，易损坏的，通常是指坚硬的东西。
The bones of elderly people become brittle and easily broken.老年人的骨头变得脆弱，很容易骨折。
fragile a.常常修饰使用时必须小心才不会破碎的东西，也引申为体弱的，虚弱的。
He 's feeling a bit fragile after last night's party.他参加了昨晚的聚会以后，现在感觉有些虚弱。
frail a. (指人)体弱的，虚弱的，也可以指东西易碎的。
His mother has grown old and frail.他母亲已经年老体弱。
crisp a.指食品的松脆；清新的，爽快的；活跃的，有生气的，干净利落的。
crisp biscuit松脆的饼干
The student gave a clear, crisp answer to the teacher's question.学生干净利落地回答了老师的问题。
invalid a.不正确的，缺乏证据的；无效的，作废的。作名词时，表示病弱者，伤残者，久病者。
Your ideas about the first humans are interesting but invalid.你关于最早的人类的观点很有意思，但是缺乏证据。
A bad car accident made him an invalid.一次严重的车祸使他变成了残疾。

invert=transform

jeer=sneer

jeer=scorn

jerk=wrench

jest=scorn

jibe=scorn

job=position

joke=scorn

journey=voyage

jump=hurdle

jungle
bush, shrub, jungle:
---------------
这一组词均与树木有关。
bush n.矮树丛。
shrub n.有木茎的灌木，灌木丛。
jungle n.热带稠密的雨林或丛林。

knock off=terminate

lament
cry, weep, sob, snivel, blubber, whine, bawl, wail, moan, grown, mourn, lament:
---------------
cry: The most general one.
(哭泣) weep: To let flow tears.
(抽泣 抽嗒) sob: To weep or sigh with short quick breaths.
(哭天抹泪 涕泪交流) snivel: To sniffle and cry in a irritating manner.
(哭嚎 又哭又闹) blubber: To cry loudly noisily.
(发出低声报怨声) whine: To make a low complaining cry.
(嚎哭) bawl: To utter loud cries (always in bad sense).
(痛哭) wail: To cry aloud from pain or sorrow.
(呻吟) moan: To make a low, miserable sound in pain or sorrow.
(呻吟) grown: To make a low sound of pain, unhappiness or disapproval
(哀悼) mourn: To feel or show sadness or sorrow for someone who has died.
(哀悼) lament: To express great sorrow or regret.

large=colossal

lasting=enduring

laugh=scorn

laugh=sneer

leap=hurdle

limitation=restraint

link=append

live=lively

lively
alive, live, living, lively:
---------------
这一组形容词都跟"活"有关。
alive a.活着的，有活力的，常作表语，作定语时必须后置。
After the accident, he was barely alive.交通事故后，他奄奄一息。
all man alive所有活着的人
live a.活的，有活力的，现场直播的，
We watched the live broadcast of the opera on TV.我们通过电视观看了这部歌剧的实况。
living a.活着的，作定语可前可后，可修饰人也可修饰物。
Who is the world's greatest living artist?谁是现在还健在的世界上最伟大的艺术家？
living room起居室
lively a.活泼的，栩栩如生的。
She is a lively young girl, always laughing and doing things.她是个活泼可爱的小姑娘，总是欢声笑语忙个不停。

living=lively

look at=gape

lovely=gorgeous

lunatic=maniac

mad=maniac

magnify=extend

magnify=expand

maniac
mad, crazy, psychotic, lunatic, maniac:
---------------
mad: Showing that one has amanita illness which often  causes them to behave in strange way.
crazy: (infl) Very strange or foolish.
psychotic: The most precise one. used by psychiatrists.
insane Not sound in mind. used in scientific articles.
lunatic: (old derog) wildly foolish.
demented It indicates sb's mentality has degenerated from a precious level.
maniac: (n) A mad person who is violent and dangerous.

manifest=distinct

matter=occurrence

mean=symbolize

meeting=council

mince=hustle

minister=father

mistake=blunder

mistake
blunder, error, mistake:
---------------
这一组词都表示"错误"。
blunder n. (因为无知、疏忽犯下的)大错，愚蠢的错误。
I think that I committed a blunder in asking her because she seemed very upset by my question.这位女士由于我的问题感到很难过，我感觉到犯了一个大错。
error n.指判断、计算或行为上的错误，也可指智力或道义上的错误。
The accident was the result of human error.这事故是人为的错误造成的。
mistake n.误会，误解；(粗心、遗忘所导致的)错误。
I took your bag instead of mine by mistake.我错拿了你的手提包。

moan=lament

mock=scorn

modify=vary

mourn=lament

mugger=pirate

murmur=stutter

mutter=stutter

narrate=stutter

nature=personality

noted=notorious

notorious
well-known, famous, celebrated, renowned, noted, notorious:
---------------
well-known: (infl)
famous: The most general one. widely known or honored.
(杰出的 知名的) distinguished: Great, outstanding marked by excellent quality or deserved fame, used especially of people who are famous for serious work in science, the arts etc.
He was a distinguished writer.
(驰名的) celebrated: Famous, (substitute for renowned)
It refers objectively to sb or something that has been give acclaim or honoured with awards or prizes. She was a celebrated actress.
renowned: Highly honored and famous for something good. often refers to places or things, also It suggests something that has become legendary or is no longer available for an objective evaluation.
Edison was renowned for his inventions.
noted: Well-known and admired
It often describes a more intellectual kind of effort and accomplishment indicating an authority  or expert or their theories. Maybe it is not widely
known to the general public. He was a very noted expert.
(臭名昭著) notorious: Famous for something bad.
He is notorious for his crimes.

obligation=responsibility

oblige
compel, constrain, force, oblige:
---------------
这一组动词都有"强迫"的意思。
compel v.强迫，迫使，常表示运用权利、力量迫使对方做某事；有时也表示"别无办法，不得不做"。
His illness compelled him to stay in bed.他的病迫使他卧床休息。
constrain v.力劝，强迫，与compel意思相近，但更多强调内心情感(如道德、怜悯等)的强迫和限制作用，一般用于正式的场合。
As an artist he didn't consider himself constrained by the same rules of social conduct as other people.他认为自己是艺术家，不必象一般人那样要受到社会行为准则的约束。
force v.强迫，迫使，暴力威胁的意味较浓，常用于被动语态。
The thief forced her to hand over the money.强盗逼迫她把钱交出来。
oblige v. (因法律、习俗等)强迫，迫使，常常用于被动。
We are obliged to stop the car at a red light.我们遇到红灯时必须停车。

obscure=dim

obtain=procure

obtain=secure

obvious=distinct

occupation=position

occurrence
thing, matter, business, affair, event, incident, happening, occurrence:
---------------
(事) thing: An event, a fact, a subject.
He talked of many interesting things.
(事情) matter: Seth that you have to deal with, something to be discussed, thought over.
There are several matters to be dealt with at the meeting.
(事务 责任) business: A special duty, something that has to be done.
Public business is every one's business.
(事务) affair: An event or set of connected events. (pl) private and personal life.
I have many affairs to look after.
(事件) event: An important happening. Events such as birthdays and anniversaries are often celebrated.
Do you know the chief events of 1986.
incident: Not as important as an event. Incidents seldom are celebrated. Sometimes an event becomes an incident after many years have passed.
(偶然事件) happening: An occurrence, and sometimes an unusual one.
There have been strange happenings here lately.
(偶发事件) occurrence: An incident that is usually unexpected and has not been planned ahead of time.
Flood is practically an annual occurrence in this district.

odor=stench

odour=stench

outline=summary

overcoat
clothing, clothes, garment, costume, dress, suit, coat, overcoat:
---------------
clothing(collect): (fml) General term of clothes.
clothes(no single): Coverings of the body such as coats,
dresses, suits, shoes, hats.
garment(fl): A suit of clothes used by actors./a single article of clothing.
costume: 1) The fashion of dress peculiar to a people,  nation, class, period, etc.
2) A dress worn by actors in a play. uniform: worn by all members of the community.
dress: 1) A kind of outer garment worn by women (连衣裙).
2) worn on special occasions (礼服) evening dress/ morning dress
suit: A set of outer clothes to be worn together. evening suit/swimming suit
coat: A garment with sleeves worn on top of other clothes from rain, heat, etc.
overcoat: A warn coat worn in the street.

painting=chart

panic=awe

particular=peculiar

passion=sentimentl

pastor=father

path=avenue

pause=terminate

peaceful
quiet, still, silent, calm, peaceful:
---------------
quiet: Without any sound. A quiet person is not noisy or loud. A quiet street may have little or no traffic on it.
still: Without any movement.
An engine is still if it is not running.
silent: Without any words.
calm: Peaceful. A calm person is relaxed. He doesn't get excited easily.
peaceful: (something) Gentle and restful and calm.
It is very peaceful in the country.

peculiar
special, especial, particular, specific, peculiar:
---------------
(专门的,与众不同的) special: Different in some way from what is common, ordinary, or usual.
It stresses having a quality, character, identity, or use of its own.
The tube contains special gases.
(特别的) especial: (fml) To an usually great degree, exceptional
It emphasizes the importance of the things or the persons mentioned
This is a matter of especial importance.
(各别的) particular: Relating or belonging to only one thing or person.
It stresses the distinctness of something as an individual which is worth notice. In that particular case, the rule doesn't hold.(适用)
(特种的) specific: Detailed and exact, clear in meaning and explanation,  fixed, determined.(used in scientific articles)
It implies a quality or character distinguishing a kind or a species.
He gave me a very specific instruction. There is a specific tool for each job.
(独特的) peculiar: Strange or perhaps unpleasant.
It implies strangeness. He has a peculiar way of speaking.

peculiarity=personality

peep=gape

perfume=stench

period=age

permanent=enduring

perpetual=enduring

perplex
bewilder, puzzle, confuse, embarrass, perplex:
---------------
这一组词都有"迷惑"的意思。
bewilder v.使困惑，使茫然，强调非常困惑，通常表现为心理和智力的紊乱，语气最重。
He was fired without warning and is completely bewildered about the reason.他没有得到事先警告就被开除了，完全不明白是什么原因。
When the farmers visited the city for the first time, they were bewildered by its complicated traffic system.当这些农夫们第一次到城里的时候，他们对城市复杂的交通系统感到迷惑不解。
puzzle v.使迷惑，感到不解，强调不理解或解决不了。
Where the sunken treasure is puzzles explorers.沉没宝藏的下落令探险家们大惑不解。
confuse v.一般用语，使混乱，使糊涂，强调因混淆而使人产生迷乱。
He sent the wrong reports because he confused them with other ones.他发错了报告，因为他把它们同另外一些报告混淆在一起了。
embarrass v.使窘迫，使为难，使困惑，有令人不快、难为情和内心混乱的意味。
Her boyfriend embarrassed her by teasing her about her new hairstyle in front of others.她的男友在别人面前嘲笑她的新发型，使她感到难堪。
perplex v.使杂乱，使疑虑，使不安。
The new tax laws perplex me.新税收法律使我很费解。

personality
quality, characteristic, character, nature, attribute, peculiarity, feature, trait, personality:
---------------
quality: The most general one.
(特点)
characteristic: Quality typical of a particular person and thing, a special and easily recognized quality of sb/sth.
It has may scientific or technical uses.
It implies neutral description in referring to any aspect of something without evaluating its relative importance to the whole.
A useful characteristic of the cat is its ability to catch and kill mice.
(特征) character: The combination of qualities which make a particular person, thing, place, etc.
A tendency not to show emotions is supposed to be part of the British national character.
(性质) nature: The qualities make someone or something  different from others.
It indicates the widest range of traits,  including emotional, mental and physical qualities.
It is only human nature to like money.
(特征) attribute: A quality belonging to or forming part of the
mature of a person or thing.
The word is positive rather than negative.
Darkness is an attribute of night.
(特性) peculiarity: The quality of being peculiar, strangeness,  unusualness.
It shows an unpleasant attribute that is quite noticeable.
One of his peculiarities is that his two eyes are not the same size.
(特色) feature: A typical and noticeable part or quality.
It suggests something positive and specifically
It refers to physical appearance.
A lake is an important feature in this area.
(品质 特性) trait: A particular quality of sb/sth.
It refers to more abstract attributes. Honesty and diligence are the chief traits of his character.
(个性) personality: The whole nature or character of a particular person.
It refers to the whole indefinable emotional coloration that a specific person gives off. He has a strong personality.

picture=chart

pirate
thief, robber, mugger, burglar, gangster, bandit, brigand, pirate:
---------------
thief: The most general one.
(强盗) robber: It suggests a direct confrontation in which the owner is forced to give up his valuables.
(行凶强劫) mugger: A person who attacks and robs people in a street or in a lift.
burglar: A person who breaks into a house at night to steal something.
(歹徒 暴徒) gangster: A member of a group of criminals, esp. those who are
armed and use guns to threaten.
(匪徒) bandit: an armed robber.
It suggests an organized group in a rural setting.
(土匪) brigand: A robber who lives by robbing travelers in the country.
(海盗) pirate: A person who robs on the sea.

plan=chart

plausible
credible, credulous, plausible:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"可信的"意思。
credible a.可信的，可靠的。
That the student told the teacher a credible story that she missed classes because she was sick.那个学生跟老师讲了实情，她没来上课是因为她病了。
credulous a.轻信的，易于相信的。
She was credulous when she listened to the salesman and bought the car for too much money.她很容易轻信别人，竟然听信那个销售员的话以高价买了那辆车。
plausible a.似乎有理的(可信的)。常带有怀疑的意思。
Even though it is a plausible explanation, I am not completely convinced.虽然这个解释合理，但仍不可能使我完全相信。

plentiful
abundant, plentiful:
---------------
这两个形容词都有“充足的”之意。
abundant a. (数量)充足的，常用于人、物产、资源、雨量等，含有“过多”之意。
Oil is in abundant supply in this country.这个国家石油供应十分充裕。
plentiful a.丰富的，充足的，常用于食物、收获、财产等，不能用于时间、空间、思想等方面。
Eggs are plentiful at this moment.现在鸡蛋很多。

position
work, job, profession, occupation, employment, vocation, position:
---------------
work: (u n) A very general one.
job: (c n) Any sort of gainful regular employment whether
permanent or temporary.
He had a good jog in a bank.
profession: It suggests a position that can't be gained without a  considerable amount of higher education.
It implies intellectual work, scholarship and mainly refers to three learned professions-law, medicine and  theology.
What do you think of the profession to be a teacher?
occupation: What he is engaged in, either continuously or temporarily, for any purpose, whether of profit of amusement, learning.
Can you find occupation suitable for his abilities.
employment: (u n) What one is doing, work done in service of another in order to make a living or get pay./temporary business,
The government gives some money to the worker out of  employment.
vocation: (c n) A job which one does because one thinks one has a special fitness or ability or sense of duty.
It suggests the people do it in order to help others not for the earning of a livelihood. teaching and nursing. Teaching children ought or be a vocation as well as a way of earning money.
position: (fml) A job, post, usually involving professions managerial or clerical work, not manual.
She got a position as a governess.
He lost his position as steward.

postpone
delay, postpone:
---------------
这两个词都有"延迟"之意。
delay v.延期，延缓，耽搁，常指由于不可避免的障碍等原因而延期。
Her late arrival delayed the start of the meeting.她的迟到使会议延迟开始。
postpone v.耽搁，暂缓，常指将某事放置一边，等到另一事发生或一定时间后再做。
Our meeting for today was postponed until next week.我们今天的会议推迟到下周举行。

praise
applaud, clap, commend, praise:
---------------
applaud v.鼓掌，赞扬，指因精湛表演或某种行为得到别人的赞许，大声叫好或热烈鼓掌。
The boss applauded my efforts by praising my work.老板表扬了我的工作，对我的努力表示赞许。
clap v.拍打，其用法是clap one's hand=applaud,不能说applaud one's hands。
clap sb.为某人鼓掌，clap sth.拍打某物
commend v.为正式用词，用于对具体功绩或成就表示嘉奖，通常指上级对下级、长辈对晚辈的赞赏。
The teacher commended the student for doing well on the exam.老师表扬学生们的考试成绩优异。
praise v.为一般用词，用于对某人的优秀品质表示钦佩羡慕；赞颂，赞美。
A supervisor praised the employee for her good work.一位主管称赞这位员工的工作做得不错。
Survivors of the crash praised God for saving them.坠机事件的幸存者赞颂上帝使他们得救。

present=gift

preserve=reserve

pretty=gorgeous

priest=father

proclaim
affirm, assert, allege, claim, announce, proclaim:
---------------
这一组动词都有"声称"的意思。
affirm v.坚信不疑地肯定或宣称，是deny的反义词。
He affirmed his love for her.他发誓爱她。
assert v.指不管事实如何，主观自信地宣称，或者清楚有力地坚持某个情况为事实。
She asserted that she was innocent .她宣称自己是无辜的。
allege v.在无真凭实据的情况下宣称、断定。
The suspect alleged that he had not been in the neighborhood at the time of the crime.嫌疑犯声称案发时他不在现场。
claim v.要求，声称，断言。多指根据某种规定提出的要求或主张。
They claim that if more people rode bicycles to go to work there would be fewer automobiles in the downtown section of the city.他们生成如果有更多的人骑自行车上班的话，闹市区的汽车就会有所减少。
announce v.宣布，宣告。多指首次当众正式宣布某一主张或态度，常常带有预告的意味。
The invention of the printing press announced the diffusion of knowledge.印刷术的发明宣告了知识普及时代的来临。
proclaim v.宣布；宣告(成立)。指经过深思熟虑后向大众宣布一个明确的决定或判断，尤其指重大事件的宣布，多用于官方场合。
The president proclaimed an emergency when the war came.当战争来临的时候总统宣布进入紧急状态。

procure
get, obtain, gain, acquire, attain, procure:
---------------
get: The most general one.
obtain: (fml)It stresses the seeking out of something.
gain: to get gradually.
It indicates greater effort in the seeking process, forceful
seizure.
He gained the prize because of his good work.
acquire: To get for oneself by one's own work, skill action piece by  piece little by little.
He acquired good knowledge of English by hard work.
attain: To manage to achieve, to succeed in arriving at.
He attained the position of minister.
procure: It implies maneuvering to process something and suggests involved,
contrived or even shady (unjust) dealings.

profession=position

psychotic=maniac

pull=wrench

puzzle=perplex

quake=shudder

quality=personality

quiet=peaceful

quit=terminate

quiver=shudder

rage=fury

rally=symposium

rave=stutter

recognize
admit, confess, acknowledge, grant, concede, recognize:
---------------
admit: To agree to the truth of, usu, something bad.
It suggests reluctance or possible objection.
He admitted his crime/stealing.
(自白 供认) confess: To admit guilt as to a crime or as to a shortcoming, in the sense of making known to others one's own error or wrong doing.
He confessed his fault/doing something wrong.
acknowledge: to agree the truth of, recognize the fact or existence of what have said or done, good or bad.
It emphasizes openly in a embarrassing or awkward and usually not voluntary way.
I acknowledged my signature/mistakes/errors/having been defeated.
grant: To admit or to agree something is true.
I granted his request/his honesty.
take sth/sb for granted.
concede: To admit as true, just or proper often unwillingly because of overwhelming evidence.
I conceded you that point, but I still think you are wrong.
recognize: To accept or acknowledge it.
It refers to something about law and diplomacy.
The new regime was recognized by China.

rectify=vary

rectify=verify

reduce=decline

reduce
deduce, induce, reduce:
---------------
这是一组形近易混词。
deduce v.推断，推理，演绎。
My friend becomes quiet when his girlfriend is angry with him; today he is quiet and so I deduce she is angry.我的朋友在他的女朋友生他的气的时候就会变得沉默，今天他很沉默，所以我推断她生气了。
induce v.引诱，劝；引起，导致。
We couldn't induce the old lady to travel by air.我们无法劝说那位老太太坐飞机去。
reduce v.减轻，减小；降低。
He reduced his weight by 20 pounds by eating less and exercising.他通过节食和运动，体重减轻了20磅。

reduce
decline, decrease, diminish, reduce:
---------------
这一组动词都有"减少"的意思。
decline v. (数量、数字、价格、比率)下降，下落。
Last year, the crime rate in Chicago has sharply declined.去年芝加哥的犯罪率明显下降。
decrease v.减少，减小，强调逐渐地下降或减少的过程。
diminish v. (力量、势力)减弱，减少，强调由于某种原因而减少，这种减少可以造成能够为人们所察觉的后果或损失。
The need to take action has diminished.已经没有多少需要采取行动的必要性了。
reduce v.是及物动词，指通过人为的方法在数量、规模、范围等方面减少，也可以指在地位、重要性方面降低等级。
He reduced his weight by 20 pounds by eating less and exercising.他通过节食和运动，体重减轻了20磅。

refuse=deny

region=zone

region=district

regulate=vary

reinforce=intensify

reinforce=expand

reject=deny

relate=stutter

remark=stutter

renowned=notorious

repeal=exterminate

reproach=scold

resentment
anger, fury, indignation, resentment:
---------------
这一组名词都有"愤怒、生气"的意思。
anger n.气愤，生气，是一般用语。
After their argument, he expressed his anger by punching the other man in the face.争吵之后，他一拳打在那个人的脸上以发泄怒气。
fury n.暴怒，大怒，程度较anger要强。
indignation n.义愤，尤其指出于道义上的激愤。
general indignation at the sudden steep rise in bus fares公共汽车票价突然猛增激起的公愤
resentment n.愤恨，怨恨，不满，是正式用语，尤指由于受侮辱或自尊心受到伤害后而产生的愤慨。
There was a feeling of resentment in the office after everyone's pay was lowered.大家的工资降低后，办公室里怨声载道。

reserve
conserve, preserve, reserve:
---------------
这是一组形近易混词，且都有"保存"的意思。
conserve v.保存，保藏，保护(强调节约)。
In winter, some people conserve energy by lowing the heat at night.冬天，为节约能源有些人在夜里把暖气调小。
preserve v.保护；维持；保养；防止(食物)腐败(强调使不受破坏)。
The government preserves the rights of the individual person.政府保护个人的权利不受侵犯。
reserve v.保留，储备(强调为某一特殊目的)；订(座位)，预定。
We are reserving these seats for my parents.我们把这些座位留给我的父母。

responsibility
duty, obligation, responsibility:
---------------
duty n.指道义上的责任，强调自觉性，作可数名词时指本职工作的任务。
His duty is to see that the business runs well.他的职责是保证生意良好运转。
obligation n.指合同或法律上规定的"责任，义务"，强调其约束力。
Parents have a legal obligation to ensure that their children are provided with efficient education suitable to their age.父母有法律上的义务确保其子女受到适合其年龄的有效教育。
responsibility n.职责，强调对后果要负责任的意思。
His father is ill, and he has the responsibility of caring for him.他的父亲病了，他有责任照顾他。

restraint
confinement, limitation, restraint:
---------------
这一组名词都有"限制，局限"的意思。
confinement n.限制，囚禁(于某地或某种境地)。
The prisoner was sentenced to three months' solitary confinement.那犯人被判处单独监禁三个月。
limitation n.限制，局限；(能力的)缺点，弱点。
That employee has limitations on what work he can do.那个雇员能做的工作有限。
restraint n.克制，抑制；约束措施。
Even though the mother was very angry, she acted with restraint and didn't yell at her child.即使母亲很生气，她仍克制自己没有向孩子大吼。

result=effect

revert=transform

revolve
turn, spin, whirl, rotate, revolve:
---------------
turn: The most general one.
(自转) spin: To turn quickly around a central point.
It emphasizes the continuity of the action, and usually the narrow extent of the circular motion.
The wheel is spinning on its axis.
(急转) whirl: To round very fast.
It implies the lock of conscious control.
The leaves whirl in the wind in the yard.
(转动) rotate: To turn round a fixed point with a circular movement.
The earth rotates once every 24 hours.
(绕转) revolve: To turn or move in a circle around a central point.
It indicates circular or elliptical (椭圆) movement.
The planets revolve around the sun.

reward
award, reward:
---------------
award v.指正式地或官方地颁发，授予，给予；也可以指法庭裁决给予。后面可跟双宾语。
The school principal awarded a prize in history to the best student.学校校长将历史奖授予最出色的学生。
reward v.酬劳，奖赏，回报，通常指因做了某一件事或提供了某种服务而应得到报酬或酬谢，其后一般以人或人的行为作宾语。后跟with用来说明以何物作为报酬。
I will reward to the person who returns my lost dog.我将出50美元，酬谢帮我找回丢失的狗的人。

ridicule=scorn

ridiculous=silly

rim=verge

road=avenue

roam=hustle

roar=sneer

roar=scorn

robber=pirate

rotate=revolve

route=avenue

ruin=wreck

saunter=hustle

savor=stench

say=stutter

scent=stench

scintillate
shine, glitter, sparkle, flash, glisten, gleam, spark, flicker, glimmer, twinkle, glow, glint, glare, flame, blaze, flare, dazzle, coruscate, scintillate:
---------------
shine: The most general one.
(闪耀) glitter: To shine brightly with flashing points of light.
All that glitters is not gold.
(发火花) sparkle: To shine in small flashes.
It suggests uneven, bright flashes reflected from light-catching objects.
We can see a diamond sparkling in the sunlight.
(闪光) flash: To give out a sudden and monetary bright ray of light/
To shine suddenly for a moment.
(闪耀) glisten: To shine from or as if from a wet surface.
His hair glistened with oil. The wet road glistened.
(闪烁) gleam: To send out a bright light moderately, mildly not violently.
A cat's eye gleamed in the dark. The lantern gleamed.
(冒火花) spark: To send out small bits of fire.
He was so angry that his eyes sparked furiously.
(闪烁不定) flicker: To burn unsteadily, shine with an unsteady light.
The candle flickered and then went out.
glimmer: To give a very faint, unsteady light.
The lights glimmered in the distance.
(闪烁) twinkle: To shine with a unsteady light that rapidly changes from fright to faint.
The stars are twinkling in the sky in the evening.
glow: To give out heat and/or light without flames or smoke.
The iron bar was heated until it glowed.
(闪烁) glint: To give out small flashes of light, as the eyes of an eager person are supposed to do
The sun glinted through the leaves after the shower.
(眩光) glare: To shine with a strong light in a way unpleasant to the eyes.
The lights of the car glared at me.
flame: To burn brightly.
You can see the burning log flaming.
(冒火苗) blaze: To burn with a bright flame.
the house is blazing.
(闪闪燃烧) flare: To burn with a bright flame, but uncertainly or for a  short time.
The candles flared in the wind.
dazzle: To make unable to see because of a sudden very strong light.
The headlight dazzles.
coruscate: (fml) to flash, sparkle.
The sparks coruscated.
scintillate:
The gems scintillate.

scoff=scorn

scold
blame, condemn, reproach, scold:
---------------
这一组动词都有"责怪"的意思。
blame v.责怪，把……归咎于。
You can't blame anyone in case you fail the exam.万一你考试不及格，你不能怪罪任何人。
condemn v.谴责，用于比较正式的、严肃的场合。
The wife condemned her husband for drinking too much.妻子因丈夫贪杯而责怪他。
reproach v. (书面语)责备，表示不满。
His teacher reproached him for not doing his homework.老师责备他不做作业。
scold v.责骂，训斥。

scorn
smile, laugh, grin, chuckle, giggle, snicker, simper, smirk, titter, guffaw, roar, chortle, taunt, ridicule, deride, mock, twit, scoff, chaff, jeer, gibe, jibe, sneer, joke, jest, banter, scorn:
---------------
(微笑)
smile: The corners of your mouth move outwards and slightly upwards.
He smiles his consent./with satisfaction.
(大笑) laugh: To make a noise to show one's amusement and
happiness. You can laugh at a joke or at an amusing sight. You can laugh at someone without being amused.
They all laughed loudly.
(露齿而笑) grin: To smile with the teeth.
The boy grinned from ear to ear when I gave him a
sweet.
(暗笑 含笑) chuckle: To laugh quietly.
I could hear him chuckling to himself as he read
that funny article.
(咯咯笑) giggle: To laugh repeatedly foolishly and uncontrollably,  esp. by girls.
I heard them giggle when I passed by the girls.
(窃笑 暗笑) snicker: To laugh in a disrespectful more or less secret way.
On hearing his absurd opinion, I went snickering.
(假笑 痴笑) simper: To smile in a silly unnatural way.
When I told him the thing, he simply simpered.
(得意的笑) smirk: To smile in a false or too satisfied way.
He smirked at everyone that passed.
(窃笑) titter: To laugh very quietly from nervousness or badly
controlled amusement.
The girls tittered when they heard this.
(狂笑) guffaw: To laugh loudly and rudely.
All the people guffawed at his silly words.
(哄笑) roar: To laugh long and loudly.
They roared after they heard the joke.
(欢笑) chortle: To give a laugh of pleasure or satisfaction.
He chortled with delight when I told him the news.
(笑骂) taunt: To try to make sb angry, or upset by making unkind
remarks, laughing at faults or failures.
They taunted her with her inability to swim.
(嘲笑 嘲弄) ridicule: To laugh unkindly at or to make unkind fun of.
They all ridiculed the idea.
(讥笑) deride: To laugh at or make fun of as of no value. /to mock
at someone with contempt They all derided his foolishness.
(嘲弄) mock: To laugh at sb(sth) when it is wrong to do so, esp.
by copying in a funny or contemptuous way.
The students mocked the seriousness of his expression.
twit: (infl) To make fun of sb because of behavior, a mistake, a fault, etc.
He twitted her with her timidity.
(嘲笑 轻蔑地笑) scoff: To laugh at, to speak or act disrespectfully. /to
speak in scornful mocking way.
It was a great invention but at first many people scoffed at it.
(戏弄)
chaff: (infl) To make fun of sb in a good-humored way.
He chaffed the man about his mistakes in speaking English.
(讥笑) jeer: To laugh rudely at /to insult sb in a loud, unpleasant way.
They always jeer at the priests.
gibe(jibe): To laugh at with the intention of hurting the feeling with sarcastic remarks.
Don't gibe at her behavior until you know the reason for it.
(讥笑 冷笑) sneer: To express proud dislike by a kind of usu, one- side
smile or to show scorn or contempt by looks.
She sneered at the furniture in his neighbor's home.
joke: To make fun of.
You mustn't joke with him about religion.
(取笑) jest: To act or speak playful, not seriously.
Don't jest about serious things.
(戏弄) banter: To speak, or act playfully or jokingly.
We bantered him on the subject of marriage.
(轻视) scorn: To look down upon.

secure
acquire, attain, obtain, gain, earn, achieve, secure:
---------------
这一组动词都有"获得，取得"的意思，在考研和CET-6当中屡次出现它们之间的辨析。
acquire v.多指经过努力逐步获得才能、知识、习惯等，也可用于对财物等的获得，该词强调"一经获得就会长期持有"的含义。
It is through learning that the individual acquires many habitual ways of reacting to situations.正是通过学习，个人才得以获得应付各种情况的习惯做法。
attain v.指经过不懈的努力获得未曾预料到的结果；也可指达到某一目标。
The salesperson attained his sales goal for the month.这名销售员完成了当月的销售目标。　　obtain v.获得，买到，用于正式语体中。
He obtained the property with a bank loan.他通过向银行贷款买下了那份房产。
gain v.指通过较大努力获得某种利益或好处；亦可指军事上的武力夺取等。
An investor gains by buying stocks that go up in value.投资者通过所买股票价格上涨而得利润。
earn v.挣得，赢得，指因工作等而得到报酬或待遇。
How much do you earn a week?你一星期挣多少钱？
achieve v.得到，获得，多指成就、目标、幸福的取得。
The movie star achieved success and wealth.这个影星取得了成功和财富。
secure v.得到；把……拿到手，含有肯定占有难以得到的东西之意；使安全，保卫；作形容词比较常见，意为"安全的"。
A million signatures have been secured.已征集到了100万人的签名。
He secured the office before leaving it for the night.他晚上离开前锁好了办公室的门窗。

see=gape

seize=grip

seminar=symposium

sensation=sentimentl

sentimentl
feeling, sensation, emotion, passion, sentimentl:
---------------
feeling(s): It can refer to mind or body. It's either pleasant or painful.
(感觉) sensation: (u c n) A direct feeling coming from the senses and conveyed to the nervous system by the organs of seeing,  hearing, touching, tasting or smelling. Sugar gives a sensation of sweetness.
(激情) emotion: (c n) Any of the strong feelings of the human spirit Love, joy, anger, hatred and grief are emotions.
His speech had an effect on our emotions rather than our reason.
(强烈的激情) passion: Strong emotions, strong, deep often uncontrollable
feeling, esp. of sexual love, hatred or anger.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
(情操 情趣) sentiment: (u c n) A tender or fine feeling as of pity, love,  sadness or imaginative remembrance of the past.
It's not a beautiful watch, but I wear it for sentiment  because it is my father's. Admiration, patriotism and loyalty are sentiments.

separate=divide

separate
divide, separate:
---------------
这两个动词都有"分开"的意思。
divide v.分开，划分，指把整体分成若干部分，也表示"疏远"的意思，常用结构为"divide…from"。
The huge corporation dividedsintossmaller companies.这家大公司分成了一些较小的公司。
separate v.作及物动词时，意思是"分隔"，指把原来连接在一起或靠近的东西分隔开来，常用结构为"separate…from"；作不及物动词时，表示"分散，分别"。

session=symposium

shake=shudder

shatter=crash

shine=scintillate

shiver=shudder

show=symbolize

shrub=jungle

shudder
shake, quiver, tremble, tremble, shiver, quake, shudder:
---------------
shake: The most general one. to move up and down or back and forth.
It refers to persons or things.
(发抖) quiver: To tremble a little.
It suggests a rapid but invisible vibration.
His lips quivered with emotion.
(颤抖) tremble: To shake uncontrollably and slightly as from fear,  cold, excitement etc.
It implies uneasiness and nervousness.
Her voice trembled as she began to sing.
(瞬间发抖) shiver: To tremble from fear or cold.
It suggests a slight and rapid movement.
He stood shivering in the snow.
(极度颤动) quake: to shake or tremble violently.
It suggests a more violent and sudden change.
He quaked with excitement.
An explosion cam make the ground quake.
(抽筋般颤动) shudder: To shake uncontrollably for a movement.
It suggests a more intense shaking.
She shuddered at the sight of a snake.

shuffle=hustle

silent=peaceful

silly
absurd, ridiculous, silly:
---------------
这一组形容词都有“愚蠢，可笑”的意思。
absurd a.荒谬的，可笑的，指因不符合常识、违反真理或不合逻辑而令人发笑。
There was an absurd idea that the earth was flat and motionless.过去曾经有一种荒谬的观点认为地球呈扁平状而且静止不动。
ridiculous a.荒唐可笑的，指因为愚昧无知而令人发笑并成为笑柄，含有蔑视成分。
It is ridiculous to judge a foreign culture only by its food.仅仅根据一个国家的饮食来评价该国家的文化是荒唐可笑的。
silly a.愚蠢的，傻的，指由于单纯或者头脑简单而显得愚蠢。
a silly little boy傻小子

silly=stupid

simper=scorn

situation=surrounding

sketch=chart

skip=hurdle

slouch=hustle

smash=crash

smell=stench

smile=scorn

smirk=scorn

snatch=grip

sneer=scorn

sneer
beam, chuckle, giggle, grin, jeer, laugh, roar, sneer:
---------------
这一组都有"笑"的意思，而它们之间的差别也是明显的。
beam v.本义指照耀，放光，引申为"微笑"，是正式用语，指面带喜悦或笑容，暗示对他人的友好或内心的满足。
She beamed with happiness.她高兴得眉开眼笑。
chuckle v. (书面语)吃吃的笑，抿嘴笑，轻声笑，多指因得意或领会到某事中的趣味而暗自发笑。
She does not laugh out loud; she only chuckles.她没有笑出声来，只是抿嘴而笑。
giggle v.咯咯地笑，痴笑，傻笑，多指女人和孩子由于紧张、被逗乐、尴尬时所发出的笑声。
The schoolgirls giggled when the famous football player walkedsintostheir classroom.当这个著名的足球运动员走进教室时，女生们都咯咯地笑起来。
grin v.露齿而笑，指人因高兴、满足、轻蔑等咧开嘴露齿地笑。
He grinned at his mother.他冲他的妈妈咧嘴一笑。
jeer v.讥笑，嘲笑，其同义词是mock。
The crowd jeered when the boxer was knocked down.当那个拳手被人打倒时，人群开始嘲笑他。
laugh v.笑，大笑，用于一般的笑或出声的大笑。
roar v.怒吼，咆哮，引申为放声大笑，哄堂大笑。
He roared when he heard the joke.听完这个笑话，他哈哈大笑。
sneer v.冷笑，嘲笑，指以语言、表情、和声调表示轻蔑或嘲弄。
He sneered at the offer and said it was two low.他对报价嗤之以鼻，说它太低了。

snicker=scorn

snivel=lament

sob=lament

spark=scintillate

sparkle=scintillate

speak=stutter

special=peculiar

specific=peculiar

spin=revolve

spoil=wreck

spring=hurdle

stagger=hustle

stalk=hustle

stammer=stutter

stare=gape

state=stutter

stench
smell, odor, odour, fragrance, scent, perfume, aroma, flavor, savor, stink, stench:
---------------
smell: The most general one.
It refers to something pleasant or unpleasant.
odo(u)r: (fml) More used in scientific articles.
fragrance: A sweet or pleasant smell.
It refers to flowers and stresses a delicate smell from plants.
Those roses have a delightful fragrance.
scent: A smell esp. left by an animals, an pleasant smell.
Our dog lost the fox's scent.
perfume: A sweet or pleasant smell.
It refers to either natural smell or a man-made smell  and stresses a strong and rich smell compared  with fragrance
aroma: A strong usu pleasant smell, often a spicy smell.
flavor: The particular quality of tasting good or pleasantly strong. The bread hasn't much flavor.
savor: The smell of food by the processes of cooking.
The meat had cooked too long and lost its savor.
stink: A strong unpleasant smell. the stink of sweaty feet.
stench: A very strong unpleasant smell.

still=peaceful

stink=stench

stop=terminate

street=avenue

strengthen=intensify

stretch=expand

stride=hustle

stroll=hustle

struggle=combat

stupid
silly, foolish, stupid:
---------------
silly: Foolish or childish
a silly boy/story/fellow/question/mistake, silly remarks.
foolish: Very silly or unwise
a foolish act/child/old man, foolish people.
stupid: Showing lack of good judgment or intelligence and not at all
sensible.
a stupid idea/mistake/person/act.

stutter
speak, say, utter, drawl, mutter, rave, gabble, remark, state, narrate, relate, address, tell, talk, converse, chat, chatter, whisper, murmur, gossip, stammer, stutter:
---------------
(说话) speak: To use your voice to say words.
(说) say: To speak words.
(发出声音) utter: To make sound and say words.
drawl: To speak in a slow, prolonged manner.
mutter: To express displeasure with compressed lips.
rave: To talk in an angry, uncontrolled way.
gabble: To talk rapidly, making inarticulate sounds.
(谈论) remark: To mention it or comment on it.
(陈述) state: To say, express or put into words, esp. formally.
He stated his view.
(讲述) narrate: To tell formally in writing or speech or describe
something in order with intonation.
He narrated his adventure in the forest.
(详述) relate: To tell formally in details, to give an account of.
He related his experiences.
(讲演) address: To say in speech or writing to a person or group.
tell: To let people know about something.
talk: To say things to someone.
converse: To talk formally.
The scholars are conversing with each other on
linguistics.
chat: To talk in a friendly, familiar, informal manner.
The two friends sat in a corner and chatted.
chatter: To talk continuously rapidly about small things.
The schoolgirls went along chattering.
whisper: To talk in a low voice.
She whispered me not to talk so loudly.
murmur: To make a soft sound, esp. to speak or say in a quiet voice.
He often murmurs to himself.
(闲谈) gossip: To talk about the details of other people's actions
and private lives which may not correct or proper.
That woman is very fond of gossiping about others.
stammer: To speak with pauses and repeated sounds because of excitement, embarrassment.
stutter: To speak with pauses and repeated sounds because of
inherent speech defect.

submerge
dip, immerse, submerge:
---------------
这几个词都有"浸，浸入"的意思。
dip v.浸，浸染，蘸。多指短时地将某物部分地浸到液体中，有小心翼翼的意思。
The artist dipped his brush in the paint.艺术家拿画笔蘸了蘸颜料。
immerse v.沉浸，使沉浸于。指全部浸泡在液体中达一段时间，也可指一种氛围。
Students immerse themselves in their studies.同学们在专心致志地学习。
submerge v.浸没，淹没。多指全部浸没在水下达一定深度。
The girl was submerged in the shallow end of the pool.女孩泡在水池的浅水区一端。

succinct
brief, concise, curt, succinct:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"简短的"意思。
brief a.简明扼要的，简短的，指时间短暂，办事利索，态度明了等；有时含有"虽短但却不失全面"的意味。
The manager made a brief statement to open the meeting.经理致了简短的开幕词。
concise a. (文字等的)简要、精练，常含有保留主要部分的意思。
His letter was concise, omitting everything not pertinent to the job.他的信写得简明扼要，省略掉了所有与该项工作无关的部分。
curt a.三言两语的，简短的，常含有"草率"的意思。
He asked his boss a question, but got a curt reply , "I have no time for you now!"他问老板一个问题，但是老板草率的说："我没时间搭理你。"
succinct a.简明的，简洁的，简练的，尤指用词简练，除含有concise的意思外，还有经过压缩的或简化的意思。
succinct summary of the argument论点的概要

suggest=symbolize

suit=overcoat

summary
abstract, digest, outline, summary:
---------------
这一组名词都有“要点，摘要”的意思。
abstract n.概要，摘要，尤其指对学术论文或法律论据作的简述。
I have read the abstract of his book.我已经读了他的书的概要。
digest n. (篇幅较长的)摘要，文摘，它是对原文的浓缩而不是对原文的简单解释，浓缩后仍保持原文的顺序、重点和风格。
Reader's Digest《读者文摘》
outline n.要点，大纲，概要。
She made an outline of ideas she wanted to present in her talk.她把自己要谈的想法列了一个提纲。
summary n.总结，摘要，指用寥寥数语概括文章或者讲话的要点，不考虑原文的风格。

summit=symposium

supplement，append
complement, supplement，append:
---------------
这三个名词都有"补充"的意思。
complement n.补充，补充物，主要指补充不足使之完美。
Rice makes an excellent complement to a curry dish.有咖喱的菜配米饭最棒。
supplement n.增补，补充，补贴，主要指另外补加，增补。
One year after we made our report, we had to add a supplement to cover new events.我们在报告完成一年之后，必须增补一个包含新事件的附加部分。
append n.附加，添上或补充某事物(尤指文字)。
The lawyer appended two more pages to the contract.律师在合同后又附加了两页。

surrounding
conditions, situation, environment, circumstance, surrounding:
---------------
(环境 形势) conditions: The location and other factors likely to
affect it. It suggests something that has stayed the same for
some time and which affects daily life such as food, work, and houses.
We are now studying the economic conditions in the developing countries.
(形势) situation: A position or state at a particular time, set of conditions, facts, and events having an  effect on a person, society, etc.
It suggests more general matters such as government planning and finance.
The political situation in these countries are always changing.
(环境 周围 外界) environment: The circumstances, things and conditions that influence you. It refers to spirit aspect, physical aspect and
material aspect. We must try to beautify our environment.
(形势 情况) circumstance(s): A situation or event around us, a certain  kind of atmosphere, the conditions that affect
what happens. in (under) the circumstances
(环境 周围事物) surrounding(s): The area and environment around a place or
person. It indicates a very narrow condition, "physically" sometimes reflects spiritual aspect.
They lived in hostile surroundings.

symbolize
mean, show, suggest, indicate, imply, denote, connote, symbolize:
---------------
mean: The most general one
show: To show that something exists or is true means to prove it. It refers to the agreed- upon ideas or thing that words or signs stand for.
suggest: To cause to come to mind.
It by contrast concentrates specifically on covert or
implicit qualities or association in signs or language.
It stresses tentative alternatives in meaning.
He claims to mean one thing, but his choice of words suggests quite another.
The sight of birds suggested a new idea for flying machine.
indicate: To make a sign for/clear.
It stresses a rough approximation of literal meaning.
A high fever indicates severe illness.
His answer indicated that I could leave.
imply: To express indirectly.
It stresses subtlety or complexity of association.
His manner implies that he would like cone with us.
Do you realize what his words imply?
denote: To be a mark of.
It specially refers to what a term strictly or literally means.
The sign x denotes an unknown number.
A smile often denotes pleasure.
The sign "=" denotes that two things are equal.
connote: (more formal and technical) It refers to all the possible associations that are implied or suggested by a term. Connote is closer in meaning to imply than suggest. signify: To be a sign of.
It suggests a simple literal meaning and stresses any aspect of conveyed understandings. Sometimes the word is used especially to refer to the deepest import of an expression than to more obvious or superficial aspects
He signified his agreement by nodding.
A fever usually signifies a disorder of the body.
symbolize: To represent by one or more symbols.
It suggests a rich cluster of abstract concepts that are invested in a word, gesture or object and stresses a deliberate compression of complex idea into a concrete token that stands for them.
The dove symbolizes peace.
The sign "+" symbolizes addition in arithmetic.

symposium
assembly, conference, congress, rally, seminar, session, summit, symposium:
---------------
这一组名词都表示"会议"的意思。
assembly n.集合，集会。
The assembly of students takes place in the auditorium.学生们在大礼堂举行集会。
conference n. (专门性的)会议，讨论会。
The conference on international economic problems met in Geneva.关于世界经济问题的会议在日内瓦召开。
congress n.代表大会，(美国的)国会。
Congress passes laws that must be obeyed by the people.美国国会通过的法律，人民一定要遵守。
rally n. (鼓舞士气的)集会；群众性集会。
The football coach called a rally to build up the team's excitement for the next game.足球教练召开了一个动员会，以便鼓舞士气打好下次比赛。
seminar n. (大学的)研究班，研讨会。
During summer vacations some teachers attend seminars at college.暑假里，一些教师在学院里参加研究班。
session n. (一届)会议，回合。
the autumn session of Parliament议会的秋季会议
summit n.最高级会议，峰会(通常为参加)。
Next year, the summit will be held in Vienna.明年将在维也纳举行最高级会谈。
symposium n. (学术、科研方面的)座谈会，专题报告会。
The symposium on SARS research lasted two days.非典型性肺炎研究的研讨会持续了两天。

talk=stutter

taunt=scorn

tell=stutter

terminate
stop, pause, cease, quit, halt, knock off, terminate:
---------------
stop: The most general one.
pause: To stop for a short time.
He paused to pick up a stone.
cease: To stop moving or acting.
It implies a total extinction.
They ceased (from) quarrelling. to cease fire.
quit: To stop doing something and leave.
It implies the meaning of "voluntarily and completely."
He quitted his school/job.
halt: To cause to stop.
It refers to the abrupt, decisive termination of movement.
It implies the meaning of "by authority or force."
The soldiers halted for a rest.
knock off: (infm)To stop
terminate: To come to an end.
The two countries terminated their relations.

terror=awe

testify=verify

thief=pirate

thing=occurrence

time=age

titanic=colossal

titter=scorn

tone=dialect

totter=hustle

tour=voyage

tow=wrench

trait=personality

tramp=hustle

transform=vary

transform
convert, invert, revert, transform:
---------------
这一组动词都有"转变"的意思。
convert v.转变，变换，含有"使某人改变观点"的意思。
He wants to convert to Catholicism.他要皈依天主教。
invert v.使颠倒，使倒转，使反向。常常表示位置、顺序、方向等的颠倒。
The baby inverted the cup and spilled her orange juice.婴儿把杯子打翻，弄洒了里面的橙汁。
revert v.归还，恢复原状。指回到原来的状态或情形。
John gave his brother a house, and when his brother died, ownership reverted back to John.约翰送给他的哥哥一所房子，当他的哥哥去世后，房子的所有权重新归于约翰。
transform v.改变，转变，指形状、颜色、大小、性质等的改变。
A little paint will soon transform the old house.刷一点油漆很快就会使这所旧房子大为改观。

travel=voyage

tremble=shudder

tremble=shudder

trip=voyage

trot=hustle

trudge=hustle

tug=wrench

turn=revolve

twinkle=scintillate

twit=scorn

unclear=dim

uncommon=disordered

unite
associate, ally, combine, unite:
---------------
这一组词都有"联合"的意思。
associate v.交往，结交；联系，联想。多指平等友好的合作，后接with，表示与某人交往或合作，后接in表示在某个方面合作。
We associate with our neighbors at church.在教堂里，我们同邻居交往。
ally v.使结盟，使联姻，多与with搭配。
Several political parties allied with each other against higher taxes.几个政治党派联合起来反对提高税收。
combine v.联合，化合，混合，多指为了某个目的将不同的人或物混合而成一个整体。
The girl combined sugar, butter, and flour to made the dough.小姑娘把糖、黄油和面粉混合到一起做成面团。
unite v.联合，合并，团结，尤指不同的事物或人组成统一体，强调结果的一致性。
The nation united against its enemy.国民团结一致共同对敌。

universal=usual

urgent
acute, critical, crucial, urgent:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"严重的，重要的"意思。
acute a.剧烈的，严重的；急性的(病)。
An acute lack of food brought hunger to the Iraqi people.食品严重缺乏，伊拉克人民正在忍饥挨饿。
critical a.意为"关键的"，表示处于极度缺乏的状态或事件的转折点，与crucial相似。
与crucial的区别在于它对缺乏的或危急的程度有更准确的衡量；还指"批判性的，分析性的"。
It is critical that you study hard for the exam or you will fail it.为了考好你必须用功学习，　　则你会不及格的。
crucial a.意为"决定性的，紧要关头的，至关重要的"，最为笼统，适用于上述两种情况。
Improved consumer confidence is crucial to an economic recovery.消费者信心的增强对经济的复苏是至关重要的。
urgent a.意为"紧迫的，急迫的，紧要的"，它不强调所指的问题是最重要的，仅强调"紧急的"状态。
We have an urgent need for help; we are running out of water.我们急需要帮助，我们的水就快要用光了。

usual
average, common, general, universal, usual:
---------------
这一组形容词都有"普通"的意思。
average a.普通的，一般的，它强调的是一般水准或普通水准；通常在有数字出现的情况下，表示"平均的"。
The average runner can run 2 miles in fifteen minutes.跑步者15分钟内平均跑两英里。
common a.常见的，普通的，不足为奇的，有时引申为"平凡的"，强调事物的共同性。另外，它还有"公共的，共同的"之意。
Car accidents are a common occurrence.交通事故是很普通的事件。
general a.普通的，一般的，表示涉及到各方面，强调整体性而非个别和例外，该词的反义词为particular。
In general, the economy is doing well now.总的来说，现在的经济形式还不错。
universal a.普遍的，比general语气更强，有"全然没有例外"的意思。
Poverty is a universal problem all over the world.贫困是世界各地普遍存在的问题。
usual a.通常的，惯常的，强调"习惯性的，符合规章制度的"，是个一般用语。

utter=stutter

vague=dim

vanish=fade

vary
adjust, regulate, rectify, amend, convert, alter, modify, transform, vary:
---------------
这九个动词都含有"调整、改变"的意思。
adjust v.一般指很小的改变或技术性的调整；修理。
I adjusted the air conditioner to stay cool.我调节了空调以保持凉爽。
regulate v.指根据规定或需要对某物(机器、钟表等)进行调整或调节，使之准确工作或运行；多含有"控制"之意。
Lights are used to regulate the traffic.红绿灯被用来管制交通。
rectify v.纠正，校正(错误、文章、合同等)。
He rectified the mistake in the contract by changing its wording.他通过改变措辞纠正了合同里的错误。
amend v. (正式用语)指修改文件、法律、规范等。
The politicians amended the law to provide more jobs.政治家们修正了这项法律以提供更多的就业。
convert v.改变某事物的形式或用途，还可以指改变信仰尤其是宗教信仰。
Britain converted to a decimal currency system in 1971.英国于1971年改用十进制货币体系。
He's converted to Catholicism.他已经皈依天主教。
alter v.使事物在外观、性质、用途等方面稍作改变。
The tailor altered the waistband on my pants because it was too tight.裁缝修改了我的裤腰因为它太紧了。
modify v.改变，修改，以使某物更趋完善，还可以用来表示态度、脾气、意见变得温和。
He was loud and angry, and his friends told him to modify his behavior.他粗声大气，脾气暴躁；朋友们告诉他要改变自己的举止。
transform v.指彻底、深远的改变，这种变化完全改变了外观或特性，使被改变的对象脱胎换骨。
Remodeling transformed an old, dark housesintosa cheerful one.重新装修使这所陈旧昏暗的房子变得赏心悦目。
vary v.强调没有一定规则、陆续的变化或差异。
Air fares vary from one airline to another.航空公司的机票价格各不相同。

vast=colossal

vault=hurdle

verge
boundary, border, frontier, rim, verge:
---------------
这几个名词都有"边界"的意思。
boundary n.边界；界线。多指作为界线的标识物等。
The fence marks the boundary between my land and hers.这道栅栏是我的地和她的地的分界线。
border n.较宽的边缘，边界，多指两国或两地之间的分界处附近的边缘地区、边界地带；也可以指物体的边缘等。
We crossed the Mexican bordersintosthe USA.我们穿过墨西哥边界进入美国境内。
frontier n.边界，边境，边疆，指靠近边界(boundary)的区域；也可引申为"未开发的领域"，"(学术的)前沿"等。
The American West was still a frontier a century ago.一个世纪以前美国西部还是一片边疆。
She is a biochemist who works on the frontiers of biology.她是从事生物学前沿研究的生化学家。
rim n.边，边缘，尤指圆形或近似圆形的物体的边缘。
verge n. (道路、花坛等长着草的)边缘，引申为"某事即将发生之际"。
on the verge of war战争爆发之际

verify
certify, rectify, testify, verify:
---------------
这是一组形近易混词。
certify v.证明，声称是真的。
He certified it was his wife's handwriting.他证明那是他妻子的手迹。
rectify v.改正，纠正；整顿。
He rectified the mistake in the contract by changing its wording.他通过改变措辞纠正了合同里的错。
testify v. (在法庭上)宣誓作证；表明。
He is the only person who can testify in this case, because the other witnesses were killed mysteriously.由于其他的证人已经被神秘地杀害，他成为这件案例中唯一可以作证的人。
verify v. (用事实)证实或核实。
I verified the store's address by calling to check it.我打电话询问，以核实商店的地址。

vicar=father

vicinity=zone

vocation=position

voyage
journey, travel, trip, tour, excursion, voyage:
---------------
journey: The most general one.
it is now usually used of travel by sand and often
suggests the covering of considerable time or distance,  and a direct going from a starting point to a destination, with no necessary implication of a return.
travel: A passing from place to place, not necessarily in a direct line or with fixed destination.
trip: (infm) It suggests the covering of shorter time or distance and a direct journey and implies an final return to the starting point.
tour: A journey that returns to the starting point, and many places are visited generally over a considerable distance often by means of a circuitous route. for instance for sightseeing, inspection, honey moon,  business.
excursion: It emphasizes a temporary departure from a given place  and specifies a return to it. It can point to a sea or land tour or to a short outing a short journey made  for pleasure usu by several people together.
voyage: A long journey on a ship or in a spacecraft.

waddle=hustle

wail=lament

walk=hustle

wander=hustle

war=combat

watch=gape

way=avenue

weep=lament

well-known=notorious

whine=lament

whirl=revolve

whisper=stutter

work=position

wrath=fury

wreck
destroy, damage, ruin, spoil, demolish, exterminate, wreck:
---------------
destroy: To damage it so much that it is completely ruined.
The enemy soldiers destroyed everything in sight when they captured the village.
damage: To hurt or lower the value of something.
The car was damaged in the accident.
ruin: To destroy gradually, little by little. An object that has been ruined has lost all its value or usefulness, which can't be repaired or fixed.
Moths ruined good woolen clothes by eating holes in them.
spoil: To ruin something so it can't be used.
Milk will spoil if it is not kept cold.
demolish: To destroy big or substantial things such as buildings
Many buildings had to be demolished before the new highway could be built.
exterminate: To destroy in a big way or in large amount.
wreck: To break it, destroy it, or spoil it completely.
It usually refers to vessels or vehicles.

wrench
pull, draw, drag, haul, tug, jerk, tow, wrench:
---------------
pull: The most general one.
draw: It implies a smoother, steadier motion and generally a lighter force than pull.
drag: It usually refers to horizontal motion or motion up an incline (slope) and it suggests laborious efforts over rough ground or against friction, resistance or gravity.
The escaped prisoner was dragged out of his hiding place.
haul: It implies continuous pulling or dragging of heavy or bulky objects.
The fisherman is hauling a net.
tug: It applies to hard often sudden violent effort to pull.
He tugged at my sleeve to ask directions.
jerk: To pull suddenly.
He jerked out the knife that was stuck in the wound.
tow: To pull by a rope or chain. We towed the car to the nearest garage.
wrench: To pull hard with a twisting or turning movement.

zone
area, district, region, vicinity, zone:
---------------
这一组名词都有"区域"的意思。
area n.泛指面积较大的地区；面积；专业领域。
The New York area has high rents.纽约地区房租很高。
district n.行政区划的小范围地区。如Xicheng district北京西城区
region n.行政区划上更大的地区，如"自治区"；身体部位。
The northeast region of the USA includes New York and the six New England states.美国东北部包括纽约和新英格兰地区的那六个州。
vicinity n.周围地区，附近地区。
The police were alerted that the escaped criminal might be in the vicinity.警察都十分警惕因为逃跑的罪犯就藏在附近地区。
zone n.指特定的地方、地带。
The city passed a law to create a business zone on some empty land.市政府通过法律，在一些空地上开辟商业区。

zone=district
